Hello everybody. Welcome back to another


video. I'm joined with DK.


>> Hello. And we have prepared for you the


ultimate Challenger World 3 guide. Now,


before you jump the gun and be like,


"Dookie, this video is too long." This


video is going to have really important


timestamps for you to click on down


below. We are going to be going over a


lot of different types of circumstances


for Challenger World 3. Whether you are


waiting for Kinesis, whether you are


playing Arrolia, whether you're playing


something else, we are going to be


covering everything in this video. So,


please use the timestamps linked down


below. By the end of this video, you


will have a crystal clear understanding


of how Challenger World 3 works. You're


going to know how to do literally


everything. How to level, what bosses


you should expect to kill, how to fund


your gear, how to do the missions, and


everything. You're going to get some


really strong characters out of this.


This guide is designed around people who


want to progue as optimal as possible.


There is going to be free-to-play tips


in this guide as well. But with that all


the way, let's get started. Subscribe if


you haven't already. Thank you guys so


much for 40k subscribers. You guys are


the goats and I would not be here


without any of you guys. And of course,


come to the live stream so you can see


us do this plan in real time. And last


but not least, join the Discord link


down below. All right, so this looks


really scary, but let's first introduce


all of the different situations for you


guys and then we'll break down every


single thing that you have to do for


each situation. So the first situation


is you are deciding to main Arrol Oria


and then you're going to make Kinesis as


one of your mules and then in the


meantime you'll make another mule until


Kinesis comes out. The second situation


is you are going to main something else.


So this is what I'm doing on challenge


roll 3. I'm going to play Kie for


example and my mules are going to be


Errol Orsia and then my other mule is


going to be Kinesis when he comes out.


Situation three is your main is going to


be Kinesis. So you're going to wait for


him to come out and then your first


mule. So the first character you're


going to make is Errol Orsia and then


you're going to make another mule in the


meantime until Kinesis comes out. And


then situation four is you already have


a main. This is what DK is doing for


example. And you're going to have a mule


Arrol/ Ca and then you're going to make


a mule Kinesis whenever he comes out.


Before we get into any of these


situations, I need to tell you about


something called day zero because this


is going to be really important and


could change your progression. So, we


have to factor this in. So, what is day


zero? Because the maintenance is on a


Wednesday, there is a chance the game


comes up before the weekly reset, which


is also Wednesday. If that happens, that


means some of the weeklies or event shop


items could reset just a few hours


before the weekly reset happens and


right after the game comes up. So, you


can take advantage of this to get some


pretty good early game prog. So, if you


see day zero in our timelines and our


situations, that's what that means.


We're talking about that little bit of


time as soon as the game comes up, if it


comes up in time, right before weekly


reset. And then day zero is the stuff


you would do within those first few


hours of the game coming up before


weekly reset. All right, now let's start


with situation one. You clicked on this


timestamp down below. So this is your


situation. You plan on making Arrol or


CIA as your main character in Challenger


World 3. You're going to make another


side character and then you're going to


make Kinesis as a mule whenever Kinesis


comes out. So the first thing that you


have to do is prepare some stuff before


Challenge World 3 even comes out. First


of all, save your order request this


week. The reason why you want to do that


is because if the game comes up on time


before weekly reset, then you would be


able to claim to request frags the


moment you hit 260 before weekly reset,


which is a little bit of a boost. Same


with the weekly perks from MVP if you


have it. You could claim all the Forex


coupon and stuff like that. And the MVP


resort, you can still use it for the


month of June on Challenger World. You


can preload all of the NX and Mabel


points you need. it would be about 300k


Mabel points or 300k NX and then figure


out the IGN you want. If you want to use


some really nice IGN, you would just


delete the character 24 hours before and


get ready to delete it again and then


make it on Chandro 3. If there is a day


zero, this is exactly what you would do.


If there's no day zero, you can still do


this to hit 260 right away. But


basically, what you're going to do is


you're going to create your arrow or


your sea. You're going to first accept


the challenge world event and claim the


creation reward, which is this button on


the top right of the challenge world UI.


You're going to equip the maple pearl


set. You're going to use terablink to


get to 200. And then you're going to


claim your hyperburn rewards. You're not


going to use this eternal flame title.


You're going to save this for later.


You're going to start the shine pass.


And you're going to buy the premium pass


for 35k Maple points in the summer gift.


You're going to use the strawberry that


you prepared by doing the summer


countdown event right now. And then


you're going to use that to hit 210. You


can get max holy symbol with your nodes.


Put on the pennant of the spirit from


the shine pass. Put in XP in your hyper


stats. get the XP title from the Shine


Pass, then do your strawberry farm, and


then you'll get more XP. And now you can


follow along to hit 260. You're going to


use 1,00 vouchers from the Power of


Time, 1,000 vouchers from the level 210


box, and then that gets you to 220.


You're going to use 1,000 vouchers from


the top level 220 box, and it gets you


to 225. And then you're going to use


5,000 vouchers from the bottom level 225


box, gets you to 235. Then 2,000


vouchers from the top level 230 box and


5,000 vouchers in the power of fate,


which is at the top of this UI. And then


it gets you to 240 as you can see here.


And then 3,000 vouchers from the top


level 240 box. And then 10,000 vouchers


in the bottom level 240 box. And then


that gets you to 250 as you can see in


the pictures here. Then you're going to


claim the 5,000 vouchers from the top


level 250 box, but you're going to use


the mag pots first. So, you're going to


use one of the magpots of the three that


you got from the level 200 bottom box.


And then you're going to use another


magpot from the summer countdown event.


And then that gets you to 255 with the


remaining vouchers, those 5,000 that you


claimed before. That gets you to 260.


But make sure you use any untradeable


vouchers you have left first before you


use any of the tradeable ones. If you do


it this way, you can save some of the


remaining tradeable strawberry coupons,


XP vouchers, and magpots for a mule or


kinesis down the line. This way, it's a


little bit more optimized, and it'll


help your characters in the future.


Next, you're going to want to start your


Jenny quest, skip the cernium story, but


don't unlock your six job yet. Claim all


of your hyperburn rewards, and we're


going to start setting up our character.


So, you're going to want to fuse all


your arcane symbols, fuse your surname


symbol, use the trait boost pot on


charm, equip boss accessories, abyss


hunter ring, claim one event ring, and


equip it. Any of the event rings,


they're all the same. Select dom over


your abso in the selector box, and then


put on the hyperburn outfit. You should


save the infinite flame title if you're


using the burning beyond tit later. You


can see the boxes here. This is how you


claim them. Now, you want to start all


of the events. Challenger Partner,


Arcane Seal, Beyond Burning, Item


Burning, Knight of Fantasms, Burning


Express, Autoh Harvest, or anything


else. Activate any passes you plan on


buying. Challenger pass, burning


express, shy pass, challenger, exp duo.


So now you're going to claim the rest of


your summer countdown rewards. Claim the


rest of the shine pass rewards as well.


The honor can be used on Arrolia. The XP


nodes can be used to max your V matrix.


The symbol selectors, use them to get


max arcane force, distribute evenly


amongst the symbols. 90 frags, put it on


your character. 10 boosters can be used


for training. Save the unique scroll. 10


3x, hold on to them for now. Event ring,


you can use, claim the one you don't


have yet out of the three, cuz they're


all the same. Save cubes for now.


Legendary ring scroll, use on event


ring. 100 event cubes could be saved for


now. 50 black flames, save for now. 20


bright cubes, save for now. Next, we're


going to set up some more stuff. So,


you're going to set up your skill binds.


You're going to set up hyper skills,


hyper stats, pets. Hopefully, you watch


videos or join a class discord by now,


so you know how your class works. For


pets, either pop the vac pet now or save


later. Min max is to save for when you


have ma drop gear because even if you


had a vac pet early, you're not really


looting that much until you get your


messo drop gear. Next, you're going to


want to set up your v matrix. The v


matrix is really fast to set up now.


You're just going to open a ton of like


XP nodes and then you're just going to


level up your skills. Get your common


nodes, which are these guys over here,


to max. Get the skill nodes to max. Get


holy summon to max, goddess max. And


then you're going to want to get your


common skills max. So that's stuff like


weapon aura, mana overload, and then


speed infusion, combat orders, advanced


blessing, sharp eyes, rope lift. Leave


them all at level one. You don't need


them higher than level one. Next, put on


your item burning gear. Prog item


burning until normal Lomian, and then do


all of your daily/weekly bosses. Sell


all of the crystals, but this is only if


it's day zero. Remember, everything


we're talking about so far is day zero.


If you're not playing on day zero and


the game doesn't come up on time, then


you wouldn't sell your crystals because


you're going to get better crystals


later. And now you want to unlock your


six job. You can do this if you want


before you do the item burning process.


If you want to make the bosses easier,


that's totally fine. And then you can


use boosters to make it faster to unlock


your six job, but six job is a lot


faster unlock anyways just because they


made it faster this patch. So now let's


talk about very important day zero tasks


to remember. So first of all, event


check-ins. And then you want to put your


event buff into monster park XP. This is


from the night of fantasms event. You


have your daily bosses/weekly bosses.


You want to do ursus as well. Monster


park daily symbol dailies. Monster park


extreme. Weekly symbol quester request


5k mobs. Make sure you claim that.


Challenger world checkin which is 1k


mobs. Burning express check-in 1k mobs


as well. Claim challenger partner XP.


High mountain if you can. Guild covert


if your guild requires it. 20 map procs


which is the dog. And then you want to


buy out the shops. Arcane seal, express


booster, mecha berry, 3x from the boss


shop, and challenge world chop. And then


you want to complete the challenger or


pass missions. So everything we covered


so far is just day zero. If you were


sweating day zero, you would do all of


this on your sea or arrow. But even if


it's not day zero, you can still do


pretty much all this besides selling the


crystals. But now, let's talk about day


one through week one. This is the stuff


that you're going to be trying to work


towards throughout your first week of


playing. So you're going to finish


setting up your character. You're going


to use your 10 circs from the hyperburn


and honor to roll your first line.


You're going to use your emblem. You can


claim your emblem from the winter


survival mission, the unique one if we


get that event. Secondary, you use your


unique scroll on your frozen secondary.


Just try to get any single line on it.


Event ring. So, claim the other two


event rings from summer countdown and


winter survival. Use event ring,


legendary scroll on one of the event


rings and then use the event ring cubes.


You're going to get a lot of these to


try to tier up your event rings to


legendary. I personally think that it's


better to try and do that to try and


tier it up because you have no money at


the start. You buying bright cubes that


early is is very very expensive. And


then any remaining evat rings you have,


just try to get four line meo. If you


get a drop line or a hybrid, that's


great. Hexa, try to unlock as much as


you can. Follow your discord's order.


Professions, use the profession max


potion from the shine pass to get max


insight. Insight gives you final damage.


And then arcane seal open just for a


rare one. You can just leave that alone


for now. And now you're going to want to


start your beyond burning. Next, we're


going to clean up our inventory and


start using some resources. We're going


to combine the level five cernium symbol


from the shine pass with the level five


symbol you get from the hyper burning.


Then, you're going to want to save any


sack symbols you have for Arcus/ Oodium.


Combine the level 10 symbols from Shine


Pass to the current level 10 symbols


that you're wearing. And then, you want


to distribute the Arcane Force evenly if


you have any Arcane Force selectors. And


then use the transparency


slots from winter survival if we get


that event. Day one tasks every day. So,


it's not just day one task, but this is


what you're going to want to get used to


doing. So, always event check in and


then put the event buffs into monster


park XP. That's very important. After


that, you would put into sacred forest


and then arcane force daily bosses/


symbol daily/ ursus/mon park. You're


going to always want to do this every


single day or to request 5k mobs. So,


this is a weekly. And then if you do the


5k mobs, you're going to be able to do


the challenge world check-in, which is


1k mobs. Burning express check-in, other


1k mobs. make another level 200 in


Challenge World using your terror burn.


Every single character created on


Challenge World is a terror burning


character. And then since you could do


14 monster parks a day, you would do the


extra seven on that side character and


slowly level them up. You want to start


progging your item burning/winter


survival mission to elucid practice mode


at least. And then you're going to want


to keep doing dailies and weeklies for


the week. And then you're going to want


to follow the XP guide, which there will


be a timestamp to down below. This is a


separate thing on just how to level and


we'll get to it later in the video, but


there's going to be a time stamp towards


the XP guide. And then you're going to


want to follow the XP guide and keep


leveling 270. You're going to want to


save some messos around two bill to


clear C10 once you reach 270 cuz you


need to buy the rental gear. And then


you want to save meos from daily/


fararmming. Use legendary scrolls,


unique scrolls, and leftover messos


towards meo drop gear. Five line meo,


four line drop across nine accessories.


So your inventory would look kind of


like this. Once you are 270, you're


going to want to rent equipment besides


the Oz ring since you get that for free.


And then clear and lucid practice mode.


You'll reach challenge world silver. And


then you want to claim frags and the oz


ring and then upgrade your hexa. Then


you can start clearing hard lomian and


hard will. And then that'll get you a


challenge world gold. And then you can


claim frags, upgrade your hexa again.


Clear cenny h lucid sea slime. That gets


you a challenge world platinum. And then


you could claim frags and upgrade hexa


again. By the way, here's a tip. If you


need a bit more damage, try and tier up


arcane seal or getting emblem/ secondary


to legendary once two useful lines. So


that means you'd want like attack or


boss lines and then use solid cubes from


the challen cubes in order to do that.


Then you're going to want to clear


normal Kai. Once you are level 271,


you're going to get challenge diamond.


And then you could start opening more


arcane seals to get unique plus six.


With the rest of your time, you can make


two other level 200 mules with your


teraburns and use them for daily/weekly


messos. So, some basic bosses like this.


And then you also want to make sure to


complete all of your weeklies before


event reset. Event reset is Tuesday if


you live in the Western Hemisphere. And


then claim all Challenger Pass mission


XP and 10k mobs research mission, which


is the dog. Now, you want to make sure


to complete all the weeklies before boss


reset, which is Wednesday if you're in


the Western Hemisphere. This includes


stuff like Angller, Monster Extreme,


weekly symbols, 14 weekly crystals,


covert if your guild requires it. Buy


out the arcane seal/express boosters and


mecha berry tickets. You're going to


want to use expiring arcane seal bonds.


Buy out 3x from the boss coin shop and


challenge world chop. And then claim the


XP from challenger's partner. Now, let's


talk about some weekly goals. This is


stuff that you're going to try and aim


for every single week. So, week one,


you're going to want to try and solo C10


and below. You're going to try to solo N


sarin. If you manage to solo N sarin


week one, it's going to prog your item


burning much faster. So you're going to


try to do that, but I think most people


are not going to be able to do it. And


then if not, you would party hard sarin


ecalos. For items, you're going to want


to progline meo, four line drop, and


then progue hybrid/double drop. So items


that have a potential that are like


this, double drop or beso, and drop on


one potential. And then you want to


always make sure you have at least 1.4


billion meos for rentals. Hexa. So this


is what your hexa is going to be


progging. Like you're going to get 600


frags from the missions, 530 from the


Chandra world chop, 30 from killing Kai,


100 from the winter survival mission if


we get that event, 100 from beyond


burning, 300 from the shine pass, 40 or


95 from doing high mountain/angler, 90


or 180 from day zero request or day one


request, an unknown amount from


operation dive because apparently that


gives frags and then and then that's


going to be about 2,300 plus frags.


You're going to want to get Janice 10.


It's going to be very important so that


you can grind effectively. And then


you're going to want to follow the


regular hexa order so that you can get


more damage. Messos. This is what your


early meos are going to look like.


You're going to get about 111 mil a day


from daily bosses, about 120 mil a day


from Ursus, about 5.2 mil from C10 and


below. Could be more if you solo narin.


You're going to get an unknown amount


from wapping. Just however much you get


because it's up to you how much you want


to train. And then the three level 200


mules will give you a little bit of


extra money. Make sure to manage the


crystals so that you sell the highest


income ones first. Don't just sell all


because if you do daily bosses on like


five characters every day, you're going


to end up selling way too many crystals


and then you might not be able to sell


higher crystals. So you want to make


sure you only sell the highest ones


first. You'll use approximately 1.9


billion meos on rentals if you rent


everything. And then you'll need about 1


and a half bill for the mo shop and then


500 mil meo for Monster tickets. This


ends up with you spending around like


3.8 8 bill just in week one on just


buying [ __ ] Now, let's talk about some


of the events. So, for arcane seal, you


want to make sure you're never capping


over 20 seals. And then you always want


to make sure to buy the wands the day


before the shop resets. And then you


want to use any expiring wands you have


every single week. If you get legendary,


you could just stop saving wands and


then open them just to get arcane


essence to tier up your arcane seal.


Now, for XP, you're going to follow the


XP guide, which is going to be


timestamped down below. But basically,


you're going to want to reach level 270


week one. Ideally, you'd want to hit


275. Week two, you're going to want to


start clearing ends solo. And then


you're going to want to party Ealus E


adversary. If you can party anything


higher, do that. That's going to be the


same for every week. If you could party


anything higher, if you're strong enough


to do Encalus party, then do that. And


then you're going to want to duo or trio


black mage before June 30. It can't be


in a party more than that if you want a


genesis li as fast as possible. Then


you're going to want to try and hit 280


or at least near 280. By this point,


you're probably going to finish the


Vhill item burning mission. If you clear


Narin solo week one, week three, this is


when you could start to solo and sarin


solo BM and then liberate. And then


you're going to want to be at least


level 280. Now, because you're 280, you


can start using the Mecca Berry tickets


and momentum pass to prog yourself even


faster. And then you could do nightmare


paradise instead of Angler Company. For


the challenger world missions, if you're


280 and you solo BM and Sarin ecalos,


you get to master. If you're 283, you


solo BM and Sarin, you can't do callos,


you'll still get master. Challenger


world three master means you have the


max arcane seal gate, which means that


you could just open wands whenever you


want. For week four, you're going to


still try to do narin solo, but if you


could do anything higher than that, do


that. Try to solo ecalos. If not, party


ecalos or encalos, e adversary or n


adversary, depending on how strong you


are. And then obviously Genesis lib if


you haven't already. Finish ends it


burning if you cleared ecalos week three


and week four. Week five you're going to


want to solo ecalos and e adversary. And


then you're going to want to try to


start soloing h sarin hkai. I would


estimate that most people are going to


start being strong enough to solo h


sarin hkai around week five. You might


be able to do it earlier than that but


it doesn't seem realistic for most


people earlier than that. So that's why


we put it here. And then for the


challenger world, if you're 280, you're


able to solo BM H Sarin Eos Adversary


Hai, you get Challenger. If you're 285


and then you're able to solo BM, Narin,


Ekalos, Eversary Hai, you still get


challenger. You can skip Herin, but you


can't skip hard Kai because you have to


kill hard Kai in order to get Challenger


in the first place. Week six, you're


going to solo Ealos E Adversary and then


try to solo Herren Hkai. And then you're


going to finish the Ekalos item burning


at this point. Week seven, you're going


to solo ecalos e adversary. Try to solo


h sarin hkai. If you cleared hard sarin


starting week five or six, you should be


able to finish the last e adversary item


born at this point and then you'll have


your full item burning set. And then


every week after this, you're just going


to keep trying to solo whatever the


hardest boss you can do is. And then


same for partying. Now, this is overall


gear progue. the exact specific details


on the process in which you would


upgrade the gear. We're going to leave


that to a separate gear progue video


that I'm going to have because I want to


know what shining star force does first.


But this is basically what you're going


to be working towards throughout all of


Challenger World. So, first of all,


you're going to stick with your burning


gear. Try to aim for 18 star eternal hat


top and bottom before the item burning


gear expires. The item burning gear


expires long after challenger world is


done. So, you're going to have this gear


for a long time. Then you can use the


Ignition set to wear a cooldown hat, CRA


hat. You can use it to do double crit on


your arcane gloves or you can use it to


replace eternal/ arcanes one at a time.


Accessories. This is what you're going


to be doing. You're going to use


equipment rentals plus boss set


accessories while you try to get four


set gou cuz that obviously takes like


months. And then you're going to need to


start stacking twilight marks, black


moon marks, daybreaks, slime rings, kind


of treasure or even micer if you want to


get that. And then any pitched you can


get just stack it as well. So, you're


going to be working on all of this type


of stuff for your accessories. Fairy


heart. So, the week six check-in for the


fantasms event, you get a fairy heart.


Shine pass login reward also has one.


So, you can save one of them for


kinesis. Plasma heart. You get it once


you clear hard kai and then you get an


android from bronze. Metal, you're going


to want to use the monster park medal or


the vellum medal. Vela metal. You just


do a quest very quick. You just kill


vellum once. And then for titles, you're


going to want to use the beyond burning


title. That's the best one immediately.


And then once that runs out, use


infinite flame. Once that runs out, then


use eternal flame. For weapon, secondary


and emblem, you're going to use your


burning weapon until you liberate.


Secondary, aim for three lines of either


attack and boss, like some sort of


combination like this. And then emblem,


you're going to want two line attack


until you get Mitch's rage. Meso drop


gear, it's going to be four event rings,


Zach face and eye, horn tail or a hill


earrings, mechanator pendant, and then


greed pendant. Make sure you're doing


the trace restore missions every single


week. You can do them in practice mode.


And then make sure you cap 12 star spec


boxes a day. Loot the pitch whisper


crystals. Save up to 390 for badge.


Don't bother using these until you have


at least 390. You're going to not want


to use the trace restore missions either


because they carry over after challenge


world and get added on to your mains.


Trace restore. All right, you just click


this timestamp to go to situation two.


So situation two is what I'm personally


doing. And this is your main challenge


world character is something completely


different. So it's not a CIA or Kinesis.


And then your mules are going to be


either Arrol or CIA. And then your


second mule is going to be Kinesis. So


big fat giant red warning here. Do not


do this if there's no Goddess Pass. If


there's no Goddess Pass, you're going to


have to suffer through the Arcane River


and then tank until you're 260. If


there's no Goddess Pass, that's what I'm


going to be doing. I'm literally just


going to go train in the Arcane River


until I'm 260. There isn't much to it.


That's what you have to do. It sucks.


you're going to have to do your dailies


and then wait like a week or something


or a few days if you're training and


just train to all the way to 260. It


sucks. Really hope they do a gods pass.


That's there's no other way around it.


But everything else is still the same.


So first before challenge 3 even drops,


you're going to want to save your order


request because just in case you can hit


260 and there is a day zero, then you're


going to be able to claim that request


on that character. Save your MVP perks


in case there's a day zero, then you can


claim everything. Preload your NX/abel


points. I'd say preload like $300 worth


of NX, figure out your IGN, and then


delete the character 24 hours before. If


there's a day zero, this is how you're


going to hit 260. Keep in mind that


these screenshots are screenshots from


the Shine Pass, but the Goddess Pass is


the exact same. Every single box reward,


just get that from the Goddess Pass. It


is literally the exact same. It just has


a different name. So, you're going to


create your character, accept the


challenge world event, claim the


creation reward, equip the Mabel Pearl


set, use Terablink to get to 200, claim


the Hyperbird rewards, don't use your


eternal flame ring, don't use your


eternal flame title. You're going to


save that for later. And then you're


going to want to start the goddess pass.


I know it says shine pass, but this is


supposed to be the goddess pass. And


then you're going to want to use one


strawberry ticket to get to 210 from the


summer countdown. You're going to get


max holy symbol, spirit pendant, XP


hyper stats, XP title from the goddess


pass. Use five strawberry from event


shop if there's no goddess pass to help


you level early on. And then you're


going to want to use 1,000 vouchers.


Another 1,000 vouchers from the top


level 210 box gets you a 220. 1,000


vouchers again from the top level 220


box gets you 225. 5,000 vouchers from


the bottom level 225 box gets you 235.


2,000 vouchers from the top level 230


box. And 5,000 vouchers in the top


middle area gets you to 240. And then


3,000 vouchers from the top level 240


box and 10,000 vouchers in the bottom


level 240 box gets you to 250. You're


going to want to claim but not use the


5,000 vouchers from the top level 250


box. And you're going to want to use one


of the three magpots that you get from


the bottom level 200 box and one magpot


from summer countdown. That gets you to


255. The remaining vouchers that you


have get you to 260, but make sure you


use the untradeable vouchers first. If


you do it this way, you're going to be


able to save remaining tradable


strawberry coupons and XP vouchers,


magpots for your next mule or kinesis.


Next, you're going to want to start the


Jenny quest. Skip the cernium story.


Don't do your six job yet. Claim all the


hyperburn rewards. And now it's time to


set up some stuff. Fuse all of your


arcane symbols. Fuse your cernium


symbol. Use the trade boost pot on


charm. Equip your boss accessories.


Abyss hunter ring. Claim one event ring


and equip. All of the event rings are


the same. Just pick any of them. Select


the DOM over Abso in the selector box


and then put on your Hyperburn outfit.


Save the Infinite Flame title if you're


going to use Beyond Burning. If not,


then use it. Next, you're going to want


to start all of the events that are


available. Challenger Partner, Arcane


Seal, Beyond Burning, Burning, Night of


Fantasms, Burning Express, Auto Harvest,


or anything else. Activate any of the


passes you plan on buying. Challenger


Pass, Burning Express Pass, Jenny Pass,


Challenger XP Duo. And then you're going


to want to claim the rest of the summer


countdown rewards. claim the rest of the


shine pass rewards aka goddess pass. So


the honor, you're going to use them on


whatever character you're playing. So


it's not arrows here, just like whatever


character that you're playing. And then


20 XP nodes, use it to max your V


matrix. Sumo selector, use it to get max


or keen force. Distribute it evenly. 90


frags, use them. 10 boosters can be used


for training. Save the unique scroll. 10


3x, hold on to them for now. Event ring,


can use it. Claim the one you don't have


yet. They're all the same. Save the


cubes for now. Legendary ring scroll can


be used on the event ring. 100 event


cubes can be saved for now. 50 black


flames. Save them for now. 20 bright


cubes. Save them for now. We're going to


set up some more stuff. Set up your


skill keybinds, hyper skills, hyper


stats, pets. Hopefully, you watched the


video or joined a class discord by now


so you learn how to play your class. For


pets, either pop the vac pet now or save


it for later. If you want to min max,


you would save the vac pet for when you


have your messo drop gear ready. Next is


your V matrix. You're going to want to


get your common nodes, trios, skill


nodes to max, holy sumo max, goddess


max, common skills max. That's stuff


like weapon aura or mana overload. It's


going to be really easy to max this out


because they made it really simple. You


get a ton of nodes from the passes and


stuff like that. So, you're just going


to open all of them and then try to max


some stuff out. Speed of fusion, comma


orders, advanced blessing, sharp eyes,


rope lift. You're going to leave them


all level one because they don't do


anything when you level them up higher.


So, now you're going to want to put on


your item burning gear. You're going to


prog item burning until normal and


you're going to do all of your


daily/weekly bosses and then you're


going to sell all of the crystals. But


you would only do this if it's day zero


before the weekly reset. If it's not day


zero, then you're going to not want to


sell all these crystals because you're


going to get better crystals by the end


of that week. Keep in mind, everything


we've been talking about so far is like


a theoretical day zero. This is what you


would do. You can do everything on day


one that we've talked about so far. But


don't sell the crystals, though. Now,


we're going to unlock your six job. You


can do this if you want before the item


burn, unlocking your six job if you want


the boss to be easier. You can also use


boosters to make your six job unlock


faster, but six job got a lot faster


this patch anyways. And now some


important day zero tasks to remember.


You're going to want to do your event


check-ins. Put your event buffs into


monster park XP. After that, sacred and


arcane force are the best. Daily


bosses/weekly bosses. Make sure you do


ursus monster park daily symbol dailies.


Monster park extreme weekly symbol quest


5k mobs challenger world check-in


burning express check-in claim


challenger partner XP. High Mountain


Guild Covert if your guild needs it, 20


map procs, that's the dog, and then buy


out the shops. Arcane Seal, Express


Booster, Mecca Berry, three extra on the


boss shop/chall shop. The items expire


at the end of the event, so you could


buy them right away and still have them.


And then you're going to want to


complete the challenger pass missions.


So now, let's talk about the stuff that


you're going to be doing on your first


week of progression. So we're going to


finish setting up our character. You're


going to do your inner ability. Use the


10 circs from the hyper burning and then


honor to roll your first line emblem if


we have the winter survival mission.


Grab that secondary. Use a unique scroll


on a frozen secondary event ring. You're


going to want to claim two other event


rings. One from the summer countdown and


winter survival if we get that event.


And then you're going to want to use the


event ring legendary scroll on one of


the event rings and then use the rest of


the event ring cubes which are these


guys to get all of the event rings to


legendary. You're going to want to use


these to actually try and tier up since


you get so many of them and trying to


tier up with bright cubes this early


into the game is really really


expensive. And then you're going to try


to get fourline mess hexa. Try to unlock


as much as you can. Follow the discord


order. Professions. Use your profession


max potion from the gods pass to max


insight. And then arcane seal. Open for


a rare one and settle. And then you're


going to want to start your beyond burn.


Next up, clean up the inventory and use


the resources. So, you're going to


combine the level five cernium symbol


from the goddess pass with the current


level five symbol. Then, you're going to


save your sack symbols for Arcus/odium.


Combine the level 10 symbols from the


goddess pass to the current level 10


symbols that you get from your


hyperburning. And then, you're going to


want to distribute any arcane force


selectors you have evenly amongst all


the symbols. Use your transparency


slots if we have the winter survival


event. So, now these are some day one


tasks. You're going to be doing these


throughout the event, but it's important


for you to know about them from now.


event check-in and then put your event


buffs into monster park XP. Sacred force


and arcane force are also very good


after that. Daily bosses, symbol


dailies, ursus, monster park every


single day. Er 5k mobs. And then you


want to make sure you're checking in on


the challenger world UI and the burning


express UI, which is 1,000 mobs. Then


you're going to want to make another sea


or arrol in challenge world using the


teraburn and then use the shrine pass on


that character. And you would do the


same thing that we did earlier, the


goddess pass, but now on the sea or the


arrol. But those characters are not


going to be burned, so their progue is


going to be slower than normal. And then


you're going to want to do the extra


monster park runs that you have every


day on them. Now, you want to prog your


item burning/winter survival mission to


elucid practice mode. And then you're


going to keep doing dailies and weeklies


for the week. Now, you're going to


follow the XP guide, which is a


timestamped link down below. This is


something completely different,


different part of the video where we go


over everything that you need to know


about like leveling and what you can


expect. And basically, you're going to


follow the XP guide until you hit level


270. So, you can watch that XP guide and


then come back to this part of the


video. Save around two bill messos so


that you can clear C10 because you got


to buy the rental gear. Then, you're


going to want to save your meos you get


from daily/ farming. Use legendary


scroll, unique scroll, and leftover meos


towards meo drop gear. Very important to


do. Five line meo, four line drop across


nine accessories. Once you're 270, it's


time to rent equipment besides an O ring


since you get it for free. And then


you're going to want to start clearing


some bosses. Clear and lucid in practice


mode. And then you're going to get


challenge world silver. And then you can


claim the frags and the oz ring. And


then start upgrading your hexa. Clear


hard lomian and hard will. And then you


reach challenge world gold. And then you


can claim frags and upgrade the hexa


again. Clear cenny h lucid sea slime


gets you to challenge world platinum.


Claim the frags upgrade hexa. Here's a


tip. If you need a bit more damage, try


and tar up your arcane seal or getting


emblem/ secondary to legendary once two


useful lines. anything that has attack


on boss on it percentage and then use


solid cubes from the challenger shop or


glowing cubes to do that as well. Then


you're going to clear and kai once you


are level 271 challenge world diamond


you can use the arcane seal and get the


core to plus six with the rest of your


time you can make two other level 200


meals with your teraburns and use them


for daily/weekly messos. Make sure to


complete all of the weeklies before


event reset, which is Tuesday if you are


in the western hemisphere. And then


claim all challenger pass mission exp.


And then 10k mobs for the research


mission, which is the dog UI. Next,


you're going to want to make sure to


complete all weeklies before boss reset.


So that's stuff that includes like


angler, monster extreme, weekly symbols,


14 weekly crystals, covert, buy out


arcane seal/express boosters, and mecha


cost about a bill and a half. and then


use your expiring arcane seal wands. Buy


out 3x from the boss coin shop and


challenger world shop and then claim the


XP from challenger's partner. So now


let's talk about some weekly goals. This


is basically what you're going to try to


aim for every single week. So for week


one bossing, you're going to want to


solo citenian below. And then you're


going to want to try to solo n sarin.


Soling n sarin allows you to prog your


item burning gear much faster if you


could do it week one, but it's going to


be really hard to do that. I don't think


most people will. And then if not, you


would want to party hard sarin ecalos.


items you're going to be progging five


line meo four line drop and then after


that you're going to want to progue


hybrid/double drop so stuff that has


like two lines of drop or a line of


messo line of drop and then you're going


to want to make sure you have 1.4 24


bill leftovers for rentals again. Hexa,


these are all the frags that you're


going to get. So, you're going to get


600 from the Challions, 530 from the


Chall Shop, 30 from Kai, 100 from the


Winter Survival mission, 100 from Beyond


Burning, 300 from the Goddess Pass, 40


or 95 from Day Zero High


Mountain/Angler, 90 or 180 from Day Zero


Er, an unknown amount from Operation


Dive, and then that's going to get you


about 2,300 plus frags, and then you're


going to want to get Janice 10. That's


what I would recommend so that your


training is not actually like miserable.


And then the rest of your frags, just


pump it all into damage following your


class discords hexa order. Mesa. So this


is what the mesa are going to look like


pretty early on. You're going to get


about 100 mil from daily bosses, 120 mil


from Ursus, 5.2 mil from C10 and below,


could be more if you're doing neran plus


solo. You're going to get some amount


from wapping depending on what your gear


looks like. And then you're going to


have your two other level 200 mules that


are going to give you some extra income.


Make sure to manage crystals for highest


income. And then don't just brain dead


sell all the crystals. The reason for


that is if you're doing daily bosses


every single day across multiple


characters, you're going to end up


selling more than the total 180 crystals


that you can sell every week. So, you


want to only sell the highest ones.


You'll use like 1.9 bill for rentals if


you buy everything. And then you need


about a bill and a half for the mao


shops and 500 mil for monster park


tickets. So, you'll spend like 3.8 bill


week one just buying [ __ ] Events arcane


seal. Make sure to never cap over 20


seals. You get three per day. Make sure


to buy wands last day before weekly


reset. And then make sure you use the


expiring wands as well. If you get


legendary, you can stop saving wands,


open them just to get arcane essence to


tier up the core XP. So, you're going to


follow the XP guide, which is a time


stamp linked down below. But basically,


week one, you're going to want to reach


at least level 270, but ideally you want


to hit 275. Week two, you're going to


want to solo narin party ecalos e


adversary clear duo/trio BM before June


30th, which is the monthly reset. And


then you're going to want to try to hit


280. If you can do all of this, you're


going to finish the Vhila item burn if


you cleared Narin week one. Week three,


this is when you're going to lib. So


you're going to solo BM and lib. You're


going to solo and sarin. Probably going


to be around level 280 or higher. And


then you can start using Mecca and the


momentum pass. And then you can do


nightmare paradise instead of angller as


well. For the challenger world, if


you're level 280 and you solo BM and


sarin ecalos, you get master. If you're


283 and you solo BM and narin, you also


get master. Challenge three master means


you have the max arcane seal gate. So


you can always just open the wands


whenever you want. On week four, you're


going to solo ner again and then you're


going to try to solo ekalos. If not, you


would party easy or normal callos, easy


or normal adversary depending on how


strong you are. And then lib if you


haven't already, finish item burning if


you cleared ealos week three and week


four. Week five, you're going to clear


ekalos any adversary solo. You're going


to try to do that and then you're going


to try to solo h sarin/hardkai. This is


when I would estimate people are most


likely going to be strong enough to


start doing hard Kai solo. I think it's


going to be really really hard to do


this before that you would have to have


like some really special circumstances.


And then on challenger world if you are


280 and you can solo BM hard sarin


ecalos e adversary hard kai you get


challenger. If you're 285 and then you


solo BM and sarin ecalos e adversary and


hard kai you get challenger. You can


skip h sarin but you can't skip hard kai


because you have to kill hard kai in


order to get challenger. Week six,


you're going to want to solo ecalos e


adversary and try to solo hard sarin


hard kai and then you're going to want


to finish the ecalos item burning by


then. Week seven, you're going to solo


ecalos e adversary. Try h sarin and hard


kai solo. If you cleared h sarin


starting week five or six, you should be


able to finish the last e adversary item


burning by now. Next, we're going to


talk about some overall gear progue.


Stay tuned for the gear progue video


that I plan to make. But because we


don't know what shiny star force is,


it's hard to give you like the exact


cost of everything. But this is what


you're going to be working towards


regardless. So, you're going to stick


with your burning gear. Try to aim for


18 star eternal hat top and bottom


before the item burning gear expires.


The item burning gear lasts much longer


than how long challenger lasts. So,


you're going to have a lot of time to


replace it before it expires. You can


use the Ignition set to wear a CD hat,


CRA hat. You can get double crit on your


arcane gloves and then you can replace


one eternal/ arcane at a time.


Accessories. So, this is what you're


going to be working on. You're going to


be using the equipment rental tools for


a while and then the boss set


accessories while you work on four set


golux twilight mark bean mark daybreak/


slime ring treasure/meister or any pitch


that you get along the way. Fairy heart


week six of the fantasms check-in there


is a fairy heart that you can claim. The


goddess pass login reward also has one


so you can save the other fairy heart


for one of your mules. And then plasma


heart once you clear hard kai you can


upgrade to that and then you get an


android for it from the bronze box


metal. So, you're going to be using the


Vellum medal or the Monster Park medal.


And then for titles, you're going to use


the Beyond Burning title cuz it's


really, really good. And then after


that, the Infinite Flame title. And then


after that, the Eternal Flame title.


Weapon, secondary, and emblem, you're


going to use the item burning weapon


until you get your lib weapon. And then


for your secondary, you're going to aim


for three lines of attack or boss, like


some combination. And then emblem,


you're going to aim for two line attack


until the Mitch's rage. MO drop gear.


Basically, it's going to be four event


rings, Zackface, and I horntail/hila


E-ring, and then mech pendant and greed


pendant. And then for pitched, make sure


you're doing the tracer store missions.


Cap the 12star spec boxes a day. And


then you're going to want to loot pitch


whisper crystals. And then save 390 for


the badge. You don't want to use them on


anything besides that. And then don't


use your trace restore missions. I don't


think it's worth it. They transfer over


after challenge world is done anyways.


All right. So, you clicked this


timestamped, which means that you are in


the situation three where you plan to


main Kinesis and then have Errol or CIA


as a mule. And then your second mule


will just be something else until


Kinesis comes out. Big fat disclaimer


here. Be warned, guys. This will be


painful, but you guys asked for it. You


guys kept asking all the time, what do I


do if I want to main Kinesis, but


Kinesis comes out on July 22nd. This is


what you do. And it is going to be


painful. It is going to be suffering. I


know you guys are going to complain. I


would complain. As we were making this,


I was like, "Damn, bro. I would burn


out." As as we were making this. So, uh,


lock in, guys. So, we're going to start


off with what you would do if there was


a day zero. If you don't know what a day


zero is, go back to the beginning part


of this video. First of all, you can


save the order request since it's


accountbound, not worldbound. You you


could literally not do it right now and


then claim it day zero if you can hit


260 right away. Save your MVP perks if


you have that. So, you get Forex coupons


and then preload the NX. I'd probably


preload like $300 worth. and then figure


out the IGN you want. Delete the


character 24 hours before. If there is a


day zero, you would start off by


creating your CIA or your Arrol. And


then you would accept the challenge


world pass. Accept the challenge world


event. Claim the claim the creation


reward. Equip the Mabel pearl set. Use


terablink to get 200. Claim the


hyperburn rewards. Don't use the eternal


flame title. We're going to use that


later. Start the shine pass. Buy the


premium for 35k MEL points. You're going


to use one starberry to get to two cent


from the summer countdown. You're going


to have max holy symbol from your nodes.


and you're going to put your XP hyper


stats so that you can get more XP.


You're going to save the other rewards


like the pennant of the spear and the XP


title for Kinesis down the line. You're


going to use 1k vouchers from power of


time. 1k vouchers from the top level 210


box gets you to 220. 1k vouchers from


the top level 220 box gets you a 225.


5,000 vouchers from the bottom level 225


box gets you to 235. 2,000 vouchers from


the top level 230 box. And 5,000


vouchers in the Power of Fate gets you a


240. 3,000 vouchers from the top level


240 box and 10,000 vouchers in the


bottom level 240 box get to your 250.


Then you're going to claim but not use


the 5,000 vouchers from the level 250


box. You're going to use one of the


magpots of the three that you get from


the bottom level 200 box and then one


magpot from the summer countdown gets


you 255. Remaining vouchers get you to


260. use the untradeable vouchers first


and then this way if you do it like this


you're going to have remaining extra


strawberry farm tickets XP vouchers and


magp pots for kinesis or a different


character next you're going to start


your Jenny quest skip the shernium story


don't do your six job claim all of your


hyperburn rewards and now we're going to


start setting up the character so fuse


all of your arcane symbols together fuse


your shernenium symbol use the trade


boost potion on charm equip boss


accessories abyss hunter ring claim one


event ring you can claim any of them


they're all the same and equip one of


them select the dom pendant over the


Abso. Put on Hyperburn outfit. Save the


Infinite Flame title if you use Beyond


Burn, but since we're saving Beyond Burn


for Kinesis in this circumstance, you're


going to want to use the Infinite Flame


title. Start all of the events that are


available. Challenger Partner, Arcane


Seal, Save Your Item Burning, Save Your


Beyond Burning, Knight of Fantasms,


Burning Express, Autoh Harvest, or


anything else. Activate any passes you


plan on buying. You're going to save the


Challenger pass for Kinesis. Burning


Express pass, you can activate it. Save


the Jenny pass if there's only one for


Kinesis. And then challenger XP duo.


Claim the rest of the summer countdown


rewards. This stuff expires fast, so you


could just use it right away. The 80


honor could be used on Aerrol Sashia. 20


XP nodes used to max your V matrix.


Symbol selector. Use it to get max AF.


Distribute evenly amongst all the


symbols. 90 frags. Use them. 10 boosters


can use for training. Save the unique


scrolls. 10 3x hold on to for now. Event


ring. Can you use them? Event ring, you


can use it. Claim the one you don't have


yet. And then save the cubes for now.


Legendary ring scroll used on event


ring. 100 event cubes can be saved for


now. 50 black flames can be saved for


now. And then 20 bright cubes can be


saved for now. So, we're going to set up


our skill key binds at this point. We're


going to set up our hyper skills and


we're going to set up our hyper stats


and our pets. So, hopefully you watched


videos or you joined a class discord by


now that tells you how to play your


character. This would be the time to


like at least learn it a little bit. For


pets, either pop the vac pet now or save


it later. Minmax is to save the vac pet


for when you have your mao drop gear.


That way you can actually get loot when


you farm. Now you're going to want to


set up your nodes in the V matrix.


You're going to want to get your common


nodes, trios, and skill nodes to max.


Holy symbol max, goddess max, commons


max, stuff like weapon aura, mana


overload, speed infusion, combat orders,


advanced blessing, sharp eyes, rope


lift. You're going to leave all of them


at level one. Next, unlock your six job.


You can use boosters to make it a bit


faster. Six job pre got faster this


patch anyways. Important day zero tasks.


So remember, we're still on day zero.


This like theoretical time before weekly


reset. You would event checkin, put


event points into monster park XP, daily


bosses/weekly bosses, ersus, monster


park/aily symbols, MP weekly symbol


quests, order to request 5k mobs,


challenger world check-in, burning


express checkin, claim challengers


partner XP, high mountain, guild covert,


20 mac procs, which is the dog. You just


go train and then buy out the shops.


Arcane seal, express booster, mecha, 3x


from the boss shop/challandro shop. If


you don't know where to get the messos


for you to even buy this stuff week one,


you would also want to like solo bosses


up to Enlomian and then sell the


crystals before the weekly reset on day


zero and then use that money to buy this


stuff. All right, so now let's talk


about what you're going to be doing day


one and then throughout week one as


well. We're going to first finish


setting up the character inner ability.


You're going to use the 10 cirs from


Hyperburn plus honor to roll your first


line. Weapon, choose the fake Abso


weapon. Emblem, use one legendary scroll


from the shine pass. And then secondary,


use a unique scroll to get it to unique


on the frozen secondary event ring.


Claim one event ring from summer


countdown. Use the event ring cubes to


get all other event rings to legendary.


And then remaining cubes on trying to


get drop gear. No messo gear because


this is just a mule. Hexa, unlock as


much as you can. Follow the discord


order. Professions, use one profession


max coupon from the shine pass to max


your insight. Arcane seal, just open one


for rare and then settle. And then


you're going to save your beyond


burning. Clear up your inventory. Use


the resources. You're going to want to


combine the level five CERN symbol from


the shine pass with the current level


five symbol you get from the


hyperburning. Then you're going to want


to save sack symbols for Arcus/Odium.


Combine the level 10 symbols from the


Shine Pass to the current level 10


symbols. Distribute the Arcane Force


evenly. You're going to want to save


transparent and max inventory slot


coupons from Winter Survival. You're


going to use that on Kinesis later if we


get this event. Now, this is all the


stuff that you're going to be doing day


one. You're going to event check in, put


the event buffs into monster park XP,


and then you're going to want to do your


daily bosses, symbol dailies, ersus,


monster park, order request, 5k mobs,


challenge world check-in, burning


express check-in, make another level 200


in challenge world using teraburn to use


the monster park runs on since you have


14 runs, two sets of seven. You're going


to want to keep doing dailies and


weeklys for the week and then keep doing


that until you're 270. Save me around


two bill to use to clear C10 once you


reach level 270. Save meos from dailies


and then any extra money you have, put


it towards drop gear. Nine lines of drop


across your nine accessories, that's


what you're going to be progging


towards. It's really good to get drop


gear on a mule so that you can start


accumulating resources from bossing. And


then at the end of the week, rent


equipment besides the oz ring since you


get it for free. Try to party Homian.


You might even have to do scrapyard and


dark world tree weeklies. And then


you're going to want to get your CRA


set. You're going to want to try and


party C10 below so that you can start


getting like arcane drops and stuff like


that. tip. If you need a bit more


damage, try and tar up arcane seal or


getting emblem/ secondary to legendary


once to two useful lines. Anything with


attack and boss percent and then use


solid cubes from challenge road shop or


glowing cubes. With the rest of your


time, you can make two other level 200


meals either teraburns and then use them


for daily/weekly messos. Make sure to


complete all the weekly events before


the event reset. So, like the 10k mobs


research mission. Event reset is Tuesday


if you're in the western hemisphere. Be


sure to complete all of the weeklies


before boss reset, which is Wednesday on


the western hemisphere. This is stuff


that includes like high mountain,


monster extreme, weekly symbols, 14


weekly crystals, covert, and you're


going to want to buy out the arcane


seal, express booster, mecha berry,


which is about a bill and a half, and


then use the expiring arcane seal wands.


Buy out 3x from the boss coin shop and


challenge world shop, and then claim XP


from Challenger Partner. And a lot of


the stuff here, you're just saving it


for Kinesis. So, let's talk about some


weekly goals that you're going to be


working on. Week one, you want to try to


clear C10 in a party on your mule items.


You you're going to want to prog nine


lines of drop and get as much Abso/CA as


you can. Make sure to have 1.4 billion


meos for rentals and then prog WSC on


one line legendary hexa. So, you're


going to want to save the challenger


world mission frags. You're going to


want to save the frags from Challenger


World Chop. Save the 100 from Winter


Survival Mission if we get that event.


Save the 200 from the shine pass. You


can use 40 or 80 from high mountain


depending if you did depending on if you


did depending on if you did day zero. 90


or 180 from day zero order request an


unknown amount from operation dive. So


it's going to be at least like 600 plus


frags. And then you're going to want to


only put into damage meos. This is what


your money is going to look like early


on on this situation. You're going to


get money from daily bosses from ursus.


You're going to get some messos from C10


partying. You're going to have your


three level 200 mules that are going to


give you a little bit of extra money,


too. And then make sure you manage the


crystals for the highest income. You


don't want to just brain dead sell all


of the crystals because if you do daily


bosses every day across multiple


characters, there's a limit of 180


crystals that you can sell. You would


only want to sell the highest value ones


every single day. You'll use like 1.9


bill for rentals. If you decide to buy


all of them to help your boss, they need


one and a half bill for the Mesao shops.


So, you could buy stuff like Mecca


Express booster every week for Kinesis.


and then the 500 mil meos total


throughout the week so that you can buy


monster park tickets. And then you'll


spend around like 3.8 bill week one just


buying all this stuff. So for arcane


seal, make sure to never cap over 20


seals. Make sure to buy wands last day


before weekly event reset. Use the


expiring wands. If you get legendary,


you can stop saving wands because you


can just open them and then use the


arcane essence that you get from


extracting to try and tier it up. XP,


the goal is to hit 260 to 265 because


this is just a mule. And then by the


time week seven hits, this is when


Kinesis actually comes out. Kinesis


comes out I believe week six or seven. I


said the funny thing. So like I said,


Kinesis is going to come out at this


point. If Kinesis comes out with a


goddess pass, then you would follow the


earlier part of this situation and just


apply that to Kinesis. So instead of


applying it to Arrolia, you would just


do that to Kinesis and then your Kinesis


would be level 260 if he has his own


goddess pass. But the thing is, he's not


going to be that strong right away.


You're going to want to use all of the


resources that you saved for Kinesis.


Like at this point, you're going to want


to chuck the frags on him, all of the


gear, the mecha berries, the express


boosters, all that type of stuff. And


you're going to want to try to level him


up as much as you can. If you can get to


the point where you can solo Ener,


that'd be great, but it's probably not


likely. You're going to probably just


solo C10 that first week when you create


your Kinesis cuz you're going to have


your item burning gear and all that type


of stuff. But this is where you're going


to want to work towards. You're going to


want to work towards like hitting 280.


Work towards getting your liberation


done. And then once you hit your 280,


you can start using Meccaberry passes on


him. You can start doing Nightmare


Paradise. And then here's some


information on whether you're going to


hit master or not. Basically, if you're


280 and you can solo BM and Saran


Ekalis, you get master. If you're 283,


solo BM and Saran, you get master.


Charity master means you can max the


arcane seal gate. You always open the


wands. Basically, the kinesis progue is


similar to other situations for bossing,


but he just starts late. So that's why


these numbers are a little weird. Like


it starts at week nine. It's like what?


How did we get to week nine? Well, it's


because Kinesis comes out later. Comes


out on July 22nd. You're going to want


to like keep trying to solo Enseren


because that's going to give you faster


prog towards your item burning. And then


just try to solo whatever the hardest


thing you can possible. Like try to


always move up so your item burning


finishes faster. And then lib if you


haven't already by this point because


you're going to have the Jenny pass that


you saved for Kinesis unless he has his


own as well. Now you're going to be


looking at wanting to get to challenger


if you can clear ekalis adversary solo.


Also, if you used your previous mules to


save me on Kinesis, now would be a good


time to like try and get the ball


rolling on him, making his messo drop


gear and stuff like that. If you're 280,


you could solo BM and H turn either.


Hai, you could get challenger. If you're


285 and you could solo BM and turn


either


because you have to kill Hai to get


challenger. And then towards the end of


challenger world, you're going to want


to try your best to be able to be strong


enough to solo Ealos, E Adversary, H


Sarin, H Kai, and then try to finish as


much of your item burning as possible.


Same with trying to do that again the


following week. This is going to be your


overall gear progression on Kinesis.


You're going to want to stick to the


burning gear for a while and then try to


replace the burning gear with 18 star


eternal hat top and bottom before the


item burning gear expires. The item


burning gear expires long after the


challenger world goes away. So, you're


going to have it even on your main


world. And then you can use the ignition


set to wear a CD hat if you need to


double crit the arcane gloves or replace


one eternal/ arcane at a time.


Accessories. These are the accessories


that you're going to be working on. So,


you're going to use equipment rentals


for a while to do your bosses and you're


going to use that while you try to


accumulate your other items like your


foret golux, twilight mark, black bean


mark, daybreak slime, KT Meister, any


pitched. Keep in mind that I'm going to


have my own like gear prog guide that's


going to come out when we know when


shining star force is and what it does.


But regardless, you're going to be


working on these items anyways. Fairy


Heart, you get one from the week six of


the fantasms event. And then the shine


pass login reward also gives you one.


And you've saved this for kinesis. And


then once you cleared hard kai, you're


going to be able to upgrade the fairy


heart into a plasma heart. And then you


get the android for it from bronze


medal. Use the vellum metal or the


monster medal. Use beyond burning title


until it expires and then you could use


infinite flame title after that and


eternal flame cuz Kinesis has his own


hyperburn. Weapon, you're going to use


the burning weapon until you live.


Secondary, aim for any combination of


boss and attack percent. Emblem, aim for


two line attack until Mitra Meso drop


gear would be four event rings, zack


face and eye, hornale, hilla ring, mech


pendant, greed pendant. Pitched, you're


going to want to make sure you're doing


the tracer store missions. Cap the 12


star spec boxes a day. Loot pitch


whisper crystals. save for 390. Don't


use them unless you already have a


badge. And then don't use the Tracer


store missions cuz they carry over


after. So you could kind of double up on


these. All right, so you just click this


timestamp for situation 4. This is what


DK is doing. For example, let's say you


already have a main that exists and you


just want to use Challenger to fund some


mules. This is basically what you're


doing. So your first mule is going to be


Errol Orsia and that's going to be like


your main stronger mule. And then your


second mule is going to be Kinesis. Now,


big disclaimer here. Big disclaimer.


This is for making Errol/Cia as a C


tennimu or a legion champ and then


Kinesis as a citenny mule. The first


thing that we're going to talk about is


if there is a day zero. If you don't


know what day zero is, go back to the


beginning of this video where I talk


about it. And we're going to talk about


some optimizations you could do for day


zero. So, first of all, you can save the


order request from now, the week before


Challenger World. And if you have it


pre-mpleted, you can automatically


complete it on Challenger World on day


zero if you hit 260 right away. MVP


rewards. You can claim that for day zero


as well. And then you can preload NX. I


would say 300k NX is pretty good to


preload and then figure out whatever IGN


you want. You could delete it 24 hours


before. If there's a day zero, this is


what you would do to create your CIA and


Arrol immediately as fast as possible.


You could also do this without day zero.


So, first of all, you're going to create


your Sierra or Arrol. Then, you're going


to accept the challenge world event.


Claim the creation reward. Equip the


maple pearl set. Use the Terablinks to


get to 200. Claim the Hyperburn rewards.


Don't use the eternal flame title.


You're going to save that for later.


Start the shine pass. Buy the premium


for 35k. You're going to use the


strawberry from the summer gift to level


you up. You're going to get max holy


symbol from the nodes, spirit pendant,


XP hyper stats, XP title from the shine


pass, 1k vouchers from the passive time,


and then 1k vouchers from the top level


210 box gets you a 220. 1k vouchers from


the top 220 box gets you a 225. 5k


vouchers from the bottom level 220 box


gets you 5k vouchers from the bottom


level 225 box gets you to 235. 2k


vouchers from the top level 230 box and


5,000 vouchers in the power of fate gets


you to 240. 3,000 vouchers from the top


level 240 box and 10,000 vouchers in the


bottom level 240 box gets you 250.


You're going to want to claim but not


use the 5,000 vouchers from level 250


box. And then you're gonna use one


magpot out of the three that you get


from the bottom level 200 box and then


one magpot from the summer countdown and


that gets you a 255. And then the


remaining vouchers that you have, they


get you a 260. But make sure you use the


untradeable vouchers first. If you do it


this way, you end up having more


strawberry farm coupons, XP vouchers,


and magpots for a mule or kinesis. Then


you're going to want to start the Jenny


quest. Skip the cernium story. Don't do


your six job, though. Now we're going to


set up some stuff. You're going to want


to fuse all of your arcane symbols


together. Fuse your cernium symbols. Use


the trade boost pot on charm. Equip the


boss accessories. Abyss hunter ring.


Claim one event ring and equip. Select


dom over Abso. Put on the hyperburn


outfit. And then you're going to save


the infinite flame title if you use


beyond burn because the beyond burning


title is better. If not, then use it.


Start all events available. Challenger


partner, arcane seal, beyond burn, item


burn, night of fantasm, burning express,


auto harvest. Anything else? Activate


any passes you plan on buying.


Challenger pass, burning express pass,


Jenny pass, challenger XP duo. Claim the


rest of the summer countdown rewards.


Claim rest of shine pass rewards. So


this is what you're going to do. The 80


honor can be consumed on Arrol or CIA.


20 XP nodes used on the V matrix to max


stuff. Symbol selector used to get max


AF. Distribute them evenly amongst the


symbols. 90 frags you can use them. 10


boosters you can use for training. Save


the unique scrolls. 10 3x hold on to for


now. Event ring you can use. Claim the


one you don't have yet. Save cubes for


now. Legendary ring scroll use on event


ring. 100 event cubes can be saved for


now. 50 black flames save for now. 20


bright cubes save for now. Now you're


going to set up your skill key binds,


hypers skills, hyper stats, pets.


Hopefully you watched videos or you


joined a class discord by now so that


you know how to play your class. And


then for pets, either pop a vac now or


save it for later. Minmax is to save for


when you have mo drop gear. Next, you're


going to set up your Vmatrix. Get the


common nodes, the trios, and the skill


nodes to max. Holy symbol max, goddess


max, commons max, stuff like weapon


oraura, mana overload, speed infusion,


combat orders, advanced blessing, sharp


eyes, rope lift. You're going to leave


them all at level one. Put on your item


burning gear. Prog item burning until


normalian. Do all the daily/weekly


bosses and then sell all of your


crystals. This is only if it is day


zero. You would sell the crystals. If


it's not day zero, then you wouldn't


because you're going to get better


crystals later. Next, you're going to


want to unlock your six job. You could


unlock your six shop before you do the


item burning stuff if you want the


bosses to be easier. They made six job a


lot faster to do, but you can use


boosters to unlock it even quicker.


Important day zero tasks to remember, so


you're going to want to remember this


list whenever it's day zero if it


happens. Event check-in. Put event buff


into monster XP. Daily bosses/weekly


bosses monster park daily symbols.


Monster Park extreme weekly symbol quest


5k mobs challenge world checkin. Burning


Express check-in. Claim the challenger


partner XP. High mountain guild covert


if your guild needs it. 20 map procs.


That's the dog. You just go mob. And


then you buy out the shops. The arcane


seal express booster mecha 3x from boss


shop/chandrol shop. Complete challenger


pass missions. Now let's talk about what


you're going to be doing day one/week


one that you're going to be progging. So


you're going to want to start by


finishing setting up your character.


Inner ability. Use 10 cirs from the


hyperburn plus honor to roll first line


emblem. Claim the unique emblem from


winter survival if it's available.


Secondary, claim the unique scroll and


then use it on a frozen secondary. Event


ring, claim two other event rings from


summer countdown and winter survival. If


we get that event, use event ring


legendary scroll on one of the event


rings. And then the rest of the event


ring cubes, which you get a lot of, use


these to try and tier up the event rings


to legendary. This is actually pretty


good tech if you can manage to tier it


up to legendary because these things are


really expensive to try and tier up,


especially this early on in the game.


Hexa, you're going to want to unlock as


much as you can. Follow the Discord


order. professions. Use one profession


max coupon from the shine pass to max


your insight. Arcane seal open for a


rare one and settle. And then time to


start your beyond burning. So next


you're going to clean up your inventory


and use some resources. Combine the


level five stern symbol from the shine


pass with the current level five symbol


you get from the hyperburning. Save your


sack selectors for Arcus/Oodium. Combine


the level 10 symbols from Shine Pass to


the current level 10 symbols. And then


distribute any Arcane Force selectors


evenly amongst them. If we get the


winter survival event, use the


transparent and max inventory slot


coupons from winter survival. Now, these


are just some important day one tasks.


You're going to be doing these every day


regardless, but let's just go through


them. So, event check-in, put event


buffs into monster park XP, daily


bosses, symbol dailies, Ersus, Monster


Park, request 5k mobs, challenge roll


check-in, burning express check-in, 1k


mobs each, make another level 200 in


challenge using terror burn to use the


monster park runs on prog item burn/


survival mission to elucid practice


mode. Keep doing daily/weekly for the


week and you're going to keep leveling


270. You're going to use 10,000 advanced


vouchers from the shrine pass to get to


264 about 25%. And then you're going to


use 6070 express boosters from the


burning express pass and 2,000 advanced


vouchers from the express pass. That's


enough to get you about three levels,


which takes you from 264 to 270. And


then you're going to save some money


around two bill to clear C10 once you


reach level 270. And then you're going


to save any meos you get from dailies,


dailies, bossing and stuff like that.


And use legendary scrolls, unique


scrolls, and leftover meos towards drop


gear. You're going to want to work


towards nine lines of drop across nine


accessories. This is really good for a


mule so you could start accumulating


items. Once you're level 270, rent the


equipment accessories besides the Oz


rang. Then you're going to want to start


clearing some bosses. Clear normal lucid


practice mode. You get challenge world


silver. Claim the frags ozang upgrade


hexa. Claim normalian and hwell. Clear H


Lomian and Hwell and then you're going


to get gold. Claim the frags, upgrade


your hexa. Clear cenny, h lucid, sea


slime. Challenge rolled platinum is


there and then you claim the frags,


upgrade hexa. If you need a little bit


more damage, try and tar up the arcane


seal or getting your emblem/ ecadary to


legendary once useful lines, which is


any type of like attack boss percentage.


And then use solid cubes from the


challenge world shop or glowing cubes.


Clear normal Kai once you're level 271.


Challenge world diamond. Use the arcane


seal and get unique plus six. With the


rest of your time, you can make two


level 200 mules with your terra burns


and use them for daily messos. Make sure


to complete all the weeklies before


event reset, which is Tuesday in the


Western Hemisphere. Claim all challenger


pass mission XP. 10k mobs research


mission, which is the dog. Make sure to


complete all of your weeklies before


boss reset. This is stuff like angler


monsterarch extreme weekly symbols 14


weekly crystals covert and then you're


going to want to buy out arcane


seal/express boosters and mecha 1.5


bill. You don't need to buy it if you


don't have plans for legion champ


because your character is just going to


be 270 anyways as a candy boss meal and


then use expiring arcane seal wands. Buy


out the three action on the boss coin


chop challenge ro chop claim XP from


challenger's partner. Now let's talk


about some weekly goals on these


characters. So week one, you're going to


want to try and like solo C10 and below.


And then you're going to want to try and


prog nine drop. Make sure you have 1.4


bill meos for rental gear. Hexa. So


these are all the frags that you're


going to get. You're going to get 600


from the challenge world missions, 530


from the challenge world shop, 30 from


Kai, 100 from Winter Survival mission if


we get that event. 100 from Beyond


Burning, 300 from the Shine Pass, 40 or


95 from doing high mountain day zero or


not, 90 or 180 depending on the order


request. an unknown amount from


operation dive. And then that's going to


be about 2,300 plus frags. And you're


going to want to put it all into damage,


no Janice. And then depending on your


goal, if it's a CMU or a leader champ,


you can save frags for Kinesis. Your


MSOs, this is what meos are going to


look like early on, you're going to have


about 100 mil from daily bosses, 120 mil


from Ursus, about 5.2 bill a week from


C10 and below. could be more if you're


getting stronger. An unknown amount if


you decide to WAP for some reason. And


then your level 200 mules will give you


a little bit of extra money. Make sure


to manage crystals for the highest


income. You don't want to just sell


every single crystal you get because


there's only 180 that you can sell per


week. So, you want to sell the most


expensive ones first. Don't just brain


dead sell all crystals. You'll use like


1.9 bill for rentals. You need like 1.5


mil for me shops, less if you're a citen


because you don't need the XP, and then


500 mil a week for monster park until


you don't need the monster tickets


anymore. And you'll spend around like


3.8 bill week one events for arcane


seal. You want to make sure you never


cap over 20 seals. You want to make sure


to buy wands last day before reset. You


use the expiring wands as well. And then


if you get legendary, you can stop


saving wands, open them just to get


arcane essence to tier up your core. All


right, so let's talk about some XP


things. When it comes to progging two


mules in Challenger World, you're going


to stop at level 271 or you're going to


keep going if it's a legion champ. From


here, just repeat. But basically, this


is what you do. One, if the end goal is


CIA or arrow legion champ, then you keep


doing your dailies and weeklies until


you're level 280. And you would buy


express boosters to help you get to 280.


And you're going to keep doing C10 until


Kinesis is out. Once Kinesis is out,


then you're going to trade C10 using


that Aerolursia with someone else to


help your Kinesis. Then you're going to


keep doing this until you can solo C10


on Kinesis. Save Arcane Boxes for


Kinesis a week before he comes out. Prog


bosses and item burning. It'll take


longer because you're not farming on


these characters, but you can still hit


challenger and become a legion champ by


the end of challenge 3. Regardless, once


you hit 2 to 3k frags, you can stop


doing weeklies for more and then you


would give your weekly frags to your


main or your next champ. Number two,


this is the next situation. If your end


goal is CIA/ Arrolc 10 mule, then you


would stop leveling past 271 unless you


want to get it to 275 if you want to be


like a E adversary embule one day. But


there's no need to buy any more express


boosters or mecha berry. Keep doing C10


until Kinesis comes out. Once Kinesis is


out, then you trade C10 so that you can


get gear with your Kinesis. Keep doing


this until your Kinesis can solo C10.


Save arcane boxes for Kinesis week


before. At this point, you're done with


challenge row 3. you don't progue the


item burning further than stage five or


six and then challenge world three


diamond will be your max rank. This


makes replacing the item burning gear


easier actually because the item burning


gear is not going to be 22 starred and


then you don't need to save for arcane


steel anymore. Once you have enough


frags for a citenny mule anywhere


between like 500 to a,000 you can stop


doing epic dungeon/derquest and then you


could take the event resources and just


put them all on your main. All right, if


you click this timestamp, then you are


probably looking for some free-to-play


tips. I'm just going to hit you with the


cold water from now. Things are going to


be rough for you, especially if you


compare yourself to others. It's just


the truth. That's the way that Maple


Story is now. There's a lot of things


that you can buy with real money that do


significantly increase your prog speed,


especially in the early game. This video


isn't about whether I think that's a


good thing or not. I'm just going to


tell you what I would do if I was free


to play and things that you should just


accept from now, and it's probably going


to make you angry. Anyways, so you're


still going to fall into one of the four


categories regardless of whether or not


you're free to play. So still use the


timestamps in the description to click


on the category that is most like your


situation. You got to realize that all


of the prog speed and goals will be


slower than somebody who's paying for


[ __ ] Yes, that means you will have to


train in the Arcane River. You're not


hitting 260 day one. Yes, that means


your looting will be slower and harder


because you don't have a vac cuz the


free one's going to expire eventually.


Yes, that means you will not hit 260 day


one. Your XP gain will be slower because


the paid passes have bonus XP passives.


You will have way less nodes and frags.


Most of the nodes that you get early on


are from the challenger pass. You will


struggle one-shotting because of no


normal monster damage from the passes.


Now, depending on the class, you know,


you could still oneshot pretty easily,


but some characters are going to


struggle more than others because you


don't have the bonus normal monster


damage passive and you have no link


skills either. You're gonna either lib


at the end of challenge row three if


you're a sweat or you're just not going


to lie challenge row three. You're just


not going to get the genesis weapon


until much later because you didn't buy


the Jenny pass, right? And then you


probably won't even clear hard Kai


unless you live too, which means you


probably won't hit challenger and you're


going to take a lot longer to complete


challenge world 3 and item burning than


everybody else. You can still make a


legion champ/Cenny boss meals though. I


don't want to sound like super negative


like you can still make a legion champ


and ciny boss meals. It's just going to


be slower. You can still follow the


situations. They're just slower than


what our projections are. You have to


grind your butt off in order to make up


the resources you don't have from the


passes. Other people are just going to


spawn in with like 2k nodes and you're


not. So, you have to grind really hard


to get that. And then you won't have


some of the same event ring sources/


scrolls. Moro drop gear funding process


is going to take longer. But don't


compare yourself to others who bought


stuff because although they're going to


prog faster probably your wallet will be


fatter IRL though. Like always remember


that. Always remember if you ever see me


or somebody else spend money in the game


be like lol this guy bro he's wasting


his money bro. Y you can feel good about


that. I know this sounds like I'm


FOMOing you and honestly I I know I am


but like it's just the truth. Like it is


the truth. Like you will prog slower if


you don't buy the passes. Like that's


that's just the way Maple Story is now.


Exxon is the enemy. You always have to


remember that. All right, so you click


the timestamp to go to the XP guide.


This XP guide is, I think, really good.


And there is a big disclaimer for it,


though. First of all, this is not


perfect% accurate. There is slight


differences between characters like


classes that have dice or like holy


symbol or something like that. So like


don't take it too seriously. This is


just like a basic understanding. And


then you're most likely going to gain


more than these calculations. When we


did them, we purposely lowalled the


estimations so that you can expect


something higher in reality. And this is


also based off of 2 hours of farming a


day. A lot of people are going to farm


more than that. 2 hours, 4 hours, 6


hours, 8 hours a day, right? But we just


went for 2 hours a day because 2 hours a


day is still a lot of farming if you


really think about it. But but it's not


so much farming to the point that like


you're literally just playing this game


all day. I think most people who want to


like try hard basically can do at least


2 hours of farming a day on this game.


And then you're going to prog faster if


you farm more. Obviously, these


calculations also don't take into


account these things. MVP 4X because not


everybody has that check-in resources,


challenge world pass, tomato punch king,


challenger partner, etc. Because these


things are kind of like not hyper


consistent and we wanted to lowball the


estimations a little bit. You can pause


to like look at every single calculation


itself. I'm just going to go through it


very quickly. So like XP from 260, this


is what it comes down to. And then XP


from 262, 264, 270s, these are like your


main sources of XP. 275s, this is what


it's going to be like. And then day


zero, day 1, day 2, day three. We'll go


over it, but another thing that we


factored into this XP is you are paying


for the sauna every week. Obviously, a


lot of people aren't doing that, but


technically, if you are progging as


optimally as possible, then you would


pay for it, right? So, we factored that


in regardless just for people who decide


to do that, basically. So, day zero, you


would have bonus 20% monster park XP.


That's what this like bold number is


from the event. You'll get like 22% from


the daily and then high mountain, weekly


symbols, monster park extreme. they'll


get around like 50% plus. And then day


one, you'll do your dailies again.


You'll notice that like the dailies give


you more XP cuz Monster Park got better


from the event buffs. Weekly symbols


again, WAP, so you're Wapping for like 2


hours. You'll hit 262. And then you're


going to get like 15.7% from VIP


boosters. Then you're going to get like


another 64% if you decide to do sauna.


And then that's going to get you to like


80% plus. And then on day two, Monster


Park is going to be at 40%. This is all


assuming there's a day zero, by the way.


And then the daily is going to give you


some XP. It'll cause you to level and


then you're going to WAP again, use your


boosters sauna 266. Day three, you're


going to use your 10,000 advanced XP


tickets to get to 270. Now, I want to


point out like if you don't use the


sauna, that's fine. You could either


make up that gap because people are


going to use it, right? So, we have to


like think of every circumstance. You


can make up that by farming more or you


can just take the progue slower than


that, for example. But basically, the


timeline is about the same. So, the


whole point of this is you're going to


notice that on day three, this is when


we're going to decide to use our 10,000


advanced XP vouchers to get us to 270.


I've seen other strategies where people


use the advanced vouchers like right


away and then it gets them to like 268,


right? But we decided that using them at


this point to get to 270 and then you're


able to start doing like angler, you


have better dailies, you can whap, you


get to 40%. This way your express


boosters are better because the express


boosters, they're specifically designed


between level 270 and 280. So we didn't


really want to use them in the 260s. And


since we do it like this, the XP is


actually more efficient in the long run,


even if day one you're like a little bit


behind other people, if that makes


sense. And then using all of the like


express boosters, thousand advanced


vouchers and and all that type of stuff,


you're going to end up at 272 10%. And


then day four, so this is the Sunday,


and then you have 50% monster park.


You're going to do your dailies, you're


going to WAP, MPE, you're going to do


your boosters, 1,000 advanced vouchers,


boosters again, sauna. This sauna, you


could replace it with more farming.


Obviously, I'm just going to keep saying


that. Like whenever you see sauna, just


replace that with farming if you'd like.


But this is just like emulating somebody


who decides to sauna or somebody who


decides to farm a lot basically. And


you're going to want to hit 273. On day


five, you do your daily WAP, express


boosters, sauna, or farming more. And


then you're going to hit 273 80%. Day


six, daily WAP vouchers, express


boosters, sauna, or farming. And then


you're 274 75%. Day seven, so this is


event reset day. This is when you hit


275. This is when you reach Shang. And


then with all the other stuff, you're at


27%. Day eight, daily wapping. This is


you're expecting like 8 hours. You can


see that like the XP curve kind of like


doubles every five levels starting at


270. So now the wapping is 8% of WAP.


Then you're going to use the vouchers,


boosters, sauna, or farming more. Then


you reach 70% plus. Day nine, you're


going to do your dailies, WAP, boosters,


sauna, aka farming more, and then your


15% plus. And you're just going to keep


repeating this. You're going to keep


repeating this. And then by day 14 you


are approximately going to be between


like 278 279. And then by day 18 you'll


hit 280. And then by day 19 burning


express gives XP. And then since you're


280 by about this point you can start


saving your Burning Express boosters


because they don't really give that much


XP at 280. So you can save them for your


next character like Kinesis or something


like that. And then you can start using


Mecca berry farm and momentum pass and


then get like nine to 10% per mecha and


then you can start doing nightmare


paradise as well. Well, the rest is all


the same. So, we calced out the XP


basically everything up to 280. And like


we said, it's not exactly perfect


because some people are going to farm


more, some people are going to farm a


lot and use sauna. Some people are just


going to use sauna. Some people are just


going to farm a little. So, it's like


you got to give and take a little, but


the gist is the same. The most important


part out of all of this is we decide to


use the advanced vouchers to get to 270


rather than getting to 268 because we


want to use the boosters 270 to 280.


It'll be better in the long run that


way. Also, regardless, no matter what,


you're going to be able to hit 270 week


one and clear normal Kai. Like that is


no matter what. Like even if you're just


doing like the dailies and stuff like


that, you're going to hit 270. All


right. Now, a couple extra situations


that we thought of that we figured you


guys might be like curious about. So,


what if you want to make an era or see a


mule, but you also want to farm in it.


So, you would just follow situation one


until you're satisfied with your prog.


That's what you would do. That's it.


Some other people might be a little


curious and think, what do I do if I


want to make Kinesis as a legion champ


though, not a Cenny? Well, you have two


options. So you could either play


Kinesis from the start and you would


funnel resources until it's a leisure


champ and then CIS/ Arrow becomes a C10


tenner meal slowly. But the problem with


that is you don't have two burns. So


it's like I don't recommend this. What


you could also do is you could look at


situation three and then just funnel


more resources on the Kinesis. That's


it. All right. The last thing that I


want to mention is keep in mind this


guide doesn't apply to literally every


single situation. It's designed


specifically for people who want to be


as optimal as possible. You can still


progue Challenger World super


effectively, have a great time. You


don't have to follow everything in this


guide. Some people might buy certain


passes, some people might do maybe a


little bit of sauna, some people might


play certain classes. At the end of the


day, you're still going to be able to


prog,


doing your dailies, doing your weeklies,


saving your meals for Starburst events,


stuff like that. So, if you watch this


and it like stressed you out or


something, you're like, "Oh my god,


there's so much I have to do." Like,


this is this is for people who are


really progging it very seriously. Take


what you can from this guide, apply what


makes most sense to you and your


situation. We tried to cover all of our


bases, as many as possible, and really


try to think about this. This video took


a very, very, very long time to make. DK


put so much of this together, so please


make sure you thank him as well. And of


course, like goes without saying


honestly, like big disclaimer, you will


burn out if you try to optimize too hard


all the time. You got to make sure that


you're having fun as well. Like as corny


as that is, you have to make sure you're


having fun. Like you're going to look at


this and be like, "Oh my god, there's


just so much to like do and stress out."


Like you make you got to make sure


you're having fun. Anyways, if you have


any questions, definitely leave a


comment down below. Come to the live


stream. That's honestly better than this


whole guide is just coming to the live


stream and asking questions. That all


being said though, I do appreciate you


guys so much for watching. Have a


wonderful day. Shout out to my beautiful


members. Blazefire, Shagod, Ravi, Koga,


CK, TLS, Vampiric X, Kelvin, Mochi,


Teddy, Cloudy, Phenomenal Noise, The


Shoes, Cloudy Figs Live, After Spring,


Trash Pot, Assassin, If It's Right,


Skittles, and Lommo Street. I appreciate


you guys so much. If you ever want to


submit fan art, put it in the Discord.