What is up guys? This is Kobe here and I


have arrived with the complete document


for Challengers World Season 3. There


are a few things on here that are copy


pasted from season 2 because honestly I


haven't really changed or things haven't


really changed much since then. So I


decided to put that on here. But a lot


of this has definitely changed a lot. So


we're going to go ahead and get right


into it. First things first, we're going


to talk about the challenger ranks. Now


we have the exact same ranks as season


2. So starting from bronze and then


silver, gold, platinum, emerald,


diamond, master, and challenger. The


points are pretty much the same except


for master and challenger. And that is


mainly because they added the new season


boss, Kai.


Shameless plug, I made a video on how to


fight Kai. I'mma put that link in the


description. I created some ideal


recommendations on how you can hit


certain ranks. uh this challenger world


for this season. So for bonds, it's


really simple. You can just hit level


260 because you get 3,000 points and all


you got to do is follow up to normal


Lotus and Damian. Also, it is important


to mention that they are no longer


giving you challenger points off of


dailies anymore. Up here, it used to be


100 points per day, 5 days a week, but


they have fully changed that and now you


only get coins. Instead, they added more


challenger points to leveling. Pretty


much every single level after 260 will


grant you a small amount of points and


coins with a bit more points and coins


if you reach certain level milestones


like 270, 275, 280, so on and so forth.


I also had the brightest idea just now


to add the rewards in blue for whichever


tier you get. So, for bronze, you do get


that medal and you get a challenger


metal roid that gives you an android


that looks like the challenger rank that


you are already at, which I posted a


picture down below in this dock as well


too. And then you also get sora and


fragments. For 10,000 points at silver,


you got to be level 260 and you can solo


up to normal gloom and dark nail. And


the rewards down here, you get your


level four special skill ring and you


get more sort and fragments. getting to


gold, you need to be at least 264 and


solo up the hard lotus and Damian and


everything down below it as well too. So


like all the intention and stuff pretty


much at this rank plus hard lotus and


Damian 264 you can get gold and that


will get you just the metal as well as


more solo fragments getting platinum.


Now this is where things start getting a


little dicey but you got to be level 270


at this point. Solo all bosses from hard


lotus of Damian and below and solo at


least one boss out of hard lucid will


the sea tennis or sea slime and that


will give you 300 sora as well or 300


fragments as well as five sorta and that


medal. This is where we start getting


into a bit more different options to


reach certain ranks. Now for Emerald,


you got to be level 275 and solo all


bosses from Hard Lotus and Damian and


below and then solo three bosses out of


H Lou, C10 or C slime. Or you could do


be level 270 plus solo all bosses from


C10 and below. So this whole entire list


over here except for just one. And then


with that you get the medal. You get 20


ultimate legion growth potions which has


enough exp to get one character from


level one to 200, but they can be used


at any level. And then you also get a


legendary potential scroll and 30 bright


cubes. And you can receive this on all


worlds.


For diamond, you got to be at least


level 277 and solo all bosses from C10


and below, not including normal Kai. But


if you want to include normal Kai, you


got to do all those bosses and you only


got to be 271. And you get another


legendary pot scroll with 60 bright


cubes and you get the cozy winter set


which looks like this right here. You


get the cozy winter set in the middle of


this hot ass summer. Now


for master, keep in mind defeating Nomai


is a requirement to reach this rank.


There are three different options. You


could be level 280 and solo all bosses


from black mage and below which includes


normal sarin and easy callos but not


easy adversary. Or you could be level


277 and you could solo all bosses from


easy adversary and below which includes


easy callos and normal sarin but not


black mage. Or you could be at least


level 270 and solo all bosses from easy


adversary and below including black


mage. Now, realistically, no level 270


is going to do this, but I'm just saying


that if these bosses were to be done,


then you just have to be at least level


270 or above 270 and not 277 to get the


points necessary to reach master. And


then with that, you get the medal and


just 60 bright cubes. And then finally,


we have challenger at 90,000 points and


hard Kai must be defeated. You could be


level 285 and solo all bosses from easy


adversary and below and solo hard Kai.


So no hard sarin or you include hard


sarin to that mix and you only have to


hit level 280. I think this one here is


the perfect route for challenger


clearing hard sarin and hard kai because


this route here gives you exactly 90,000


points. It almost feels like this was


the way they intended you to reach


challenger. Now, there are three bosses


even further beyond on the challenger


UI, which is easy, normal callos, and


normal adversary. But I'm really not


going to talk about those because those


bosses aren't necessary for your


challenge of war progression. At least


not necessary to solo. I'm going to


bring them up later, though. For those


going to get to the game, I created a


boss ranking tier list and I've kind of


separated the bosses into certain tiers


where the first tier is going to be


super easy and then we're going to build


on up to the final bosses needed to


reach that challenger rank. I have split


these bosses into seven seven different


categories and I talk about them in just


about each category and what you'll


probably need to beat them. First up, we


got the free bosses. With item burning


being a thing and having it ina burning


in general, just having even an early


stage vina burning gear, you can nuke


all of these bosses that are listed on


here. It's literally just Signis, Hilla,


Pink Bean, Zakum, Pierre, Bon Bon, uh,


Queen, Magnus, Vellum, Papalotus, Normal


Lotus, and No Damian. Specifically,


Nommo Mo for these two. These bosses can


get absolutely nuked like within your


first couple hours of playing the game.


Not Not even that long, honestly. But


you'll you'll have them. You'll kill


them and it'll be super fast. And then


as long as you defeat these bosses and


hit level 260, you'll hit the bronze


rank. So extremely easy bosses. You just


go in, you can one-shot most of them.


It's a breeze. Next up, we have a little


bit of a small challenge for those


getting into it. Starting with normal


slime, easy lucid, and easy will.


Honestly, I say it's a small challenge,


but as long as you have item burning and


even the free boss accessories they gave


you, all you got to do is just hit six


job. And then these bosses are


incredibly easy, even with very, very


early six job skills. Next up, we have a


tier including normal Lucid, normal


Will, normal gloom, and normal Dark


Nell. Again, I think these bosses are


still pushovers at level 260 plus with


early six job. The main difference is


that you'll probably need to know them a


little bit more because you will


definitely be in there for a bit more


time. And then for later bosses like


normal will, normal gloom, and normal


darkell, you're definitely going to need


to have way more arcane force to face


those bosses. But I still think at this


point with all the freebies given, if


you wanted to give these a shot and


learn them a bit, they're really not too


bad. Next up for our fourth tier, we


have hard Lotus, Hard Damian, and Nom


Ferris Hill. This is your first step to


hard boss territory. So, these are some


bosses that are going to pose definitely


a bit of a threat if you are not aware


of what they do. Right here, I recommend


that you are at least level 266 plus.


So, you have the oneplus 4 burning up to


260 with regular hyperburn and then you


have beyond burning where you get an


extra level for every level you earn up


until 270. So with that beyond burning


and the rewards you get up to that


point, level 266, I would recommend you


will fight these bosses here. I feel


like at that point, you should have


enough fragments to have some masteries


unlocked. You know, some things like


that for a bit of extra six shop damage.


You should have at least 10,000


challenger points by this time, too. So


you can get your special skill ring,


whether you get roar or continuous. Most


classes are going to get that roar, that


ring of restraint. And then with that,


you should have the necessary gear to be


able to beat these bosses. Tier five.


This one is big. This is like the


massive set of bosses. You got HL Lu,


you got Sea Tennis, you got Sea Slime,


and at the end over there, you got


normal Kai. I wouldn't recommend you do


this until you're at least level 270.


And this is around the time where people


will start dabbling into rentals because


rentals will make this set of bosses a


lot easier. And that's mainly just


because rentals are extremely strong


pieces of gear that just give you so


much damage that they instantly just


make your character jump to this stage


of the game when you are around level


270 or so.


But as said, gear alone is not going to


fully carry you to soloing these bosses.


You got to make sure you know how these


bosses throw down. And at this point at


270, you're probably going to want to


have some nice class knowledge, too,


because that class knowledge or whatever


you're playing is going to help you out


quite a bit. Not to mention, defeating


all these bosses should be enough to get


you to the diamond tier at 40k.


A stage above, we got the early Granus


bosses for tier six. Normal Sarin, easy


calls, and easy adversary. This is a


portion of the game where I would where


where I would not recommend you solo


these bosses until at least level 275.


Obviously, if you're established, you


know when to do them whenever you want


to do them. So, you'll do them then, but


I'm just having a standard


recommendation that 275 is probably


going to be a fair level on when you


want to tackle these three bosses. With


the exception of Nokai, these bosses


here have mechs that are far more


complex. Mech's, boss pattern, stuff


like that. They are far more complex


than the bosses that came before it. So,


it's definitely best to get your


knowledge up before you fight these or


while you fight these and while you


learn while fighting them. And then


finally, we got the finale, the final


three bosses that you want to beat


before you reach challenger. You got


hard black mage, hard sarin, and hard


Kai. Now, hard black mage can


technically be done within the tier six


bosses. It could be done between easy


callous and easy adversary, but that is


only if you are willing to put up a


1-hour fight. I imagine a lot of people


are not. So, I put him down in this tier


because in this tier, you can probably


solo him in around 30 to 35 minutes. I


strongly recommend you are at least


level 280 before doing the bosses in


this tier. For Hard Kai, you have to be


280. So, that's just how it is. But,


that's pretty much where that would end.


And I'm not going to write it down here,


but there is I I guess a tier eight for


optional solo optional solo bosses,


which includes easy calling, normal


callos, and normal adversary. All these


bosses can be done with the existence of


item burning and rentals. However, there


are some equipment slots that these two


do not cover, and that is the ring


slots, the pocket item, second pendant,


secondary emblem, metal heart, and


badge, and I'll talk about those later


down in the dock.


Next up, we got the new item burning.


Now, item burning has returned and it


can go up to 22 stars. However, there's


a catch. After you clear the easy lucid


mission, which is the fourth mission


right here, you will have 18 star gear.


Previously, it used to be 19 stars, but


this time they lowered the amount of


stars, but increase the potentials on


your armor by plus 3% stat. So, it used


to be a prime line, a prime unique line,


and then a regular line, and now it's


it's two prime unique lines. So instead


of 9 and six, you have 9 and 9. Or


instead of 10 and seven, you have 10 and


10. Item burning stages 5 through 8 will


not only require you to solo these


bosses here. So hard vhila, no more


sarin, easy calls, and easy adversary,


but you need to obtain the challenge


crest, which is a currency that is used


to bring your item burning to the next


stage. In order to fully finish the item


burning progression, you need a total of


3,900 challenge quest to complete it.


Also want to point out that the 19 star


upgrade over here, the legendary weapon


that you get, the potential is 40 boss,


30% IED and 10% attack, and the weapon


does not go beyond 18 stars. So for 19


stars, all of your armor gets upgraded,


but the weapon does not. And here is a


list of the bosses that give the


challenge crest. It starts off at H Lu


in the bosses around there like sea


slime and seagloom. And then upwards we


have darkell and vhila. And then we got


bosses even further beyond all the way


up to this point up here which I guess


the easiest boss on this list I suppose


is normal adversary.


It is extremely important to note that


you will only receive the challenge


crest one time and the amount you get


that week will depend on the hardest


boss that you clear for that week.


Clearing out this entire bottom row is


not 100 each. You just get 100 if you


clear any of these four bosses and


that's it. If you clear a boss that's


harder like Dark Neil or Vhila, uh you


get 200. You do not get an additional


200. It just moves the number up from


100 to 200. And the same would be done


if you do normal Sarin or easy calls or


easy adversary so on so forth. And then


once weekly reset hits, whenever that


hardest boss was registered for that


previous week, you can go ahead and


obtain challenge quest again with the


value of, you know, depending on which


boss you clear next.


It is extremely important to progress


bosses while you have this item burning


gear if you want to finish it. Because


if you just keep yourself hard stuck at


C10 for the entire item burning event,


which is 21 weeks long, it is going to


take you 20 weeks to finish the entire


item burning and then you can only reap


the benefits of the gear for 1 week


before it expires. So an event like this


encourages players to try to do those


bosses, try to men clear those bosses,


especially hard sarin to be on because


hard sarin is a huge jump over easy


adversary. So they can finish that item


burning gear, get it to 22 stars as soon


as possible. Like I mentioned down here,


the gear could be done in two months, up


to two months once you make it to easy


adversary, or it could be done in up to


4 weeks if you make it to hard sarin.


Some coin shop additions. The main thing


I want to point out, it's all roughly


the same. But look at this right here.


Sword and ear fragment. You could buy


500 of them for 40 challenger coins


each, which is massive. And then in the


special shop for advanced coins, which


you get advanced coins from killing


bosses, no Mokai and above. So like the


early grandness and you know, all that


type of stuff beyond that. Uh you can


buy 100 more sorder fragments over here


as well too. Next up, we have the mystic


seal. The arcane seal I suppose is what


GMS calls it. Um, I talked about this in


my season 2 video, so I'm going to talk


about it again pretty much exactly


because there's some newer people. So,


once again, every day at reset, you get


three seal control rods. You don't even


have to be logged in to get them.


However, you are not allowed to hold any


more than 20 seal rods. You will not


earn any seal control rods for the day


if you already have 20 in your inventory


right here.


The tier the seal that you can break


will change based on your challenger


world tier. So basically there are five


different stages and that is at less


than gold for stage one and then stage


two is at gold and then emerald and then


diamond and then master. And then here


you could see the chances that each seal


rod will reveal whatever seal that you


may get. So at stage one only using one


seal rod you are very likely to just get


a normal seal at a very high chance.


which you can get any tier above it, but


beyond epic is extremely rare. Legendary


at a 0.007%


chance. You need to level up and clear


those bosses to get your challenger rank


up to have a higher chance at getting a


better seal. The main goal of the mystic


seal is to hit the legendary seal only


once. Just one time. That's all you got


to do. And then whatever you hit


afterwards, you can break it down for


materials. and then you can use them


those materials to upgrade that


legendary seal that you just got.


However, I do not recommend going for a


legendary until at least stage four.


Though, stage five is the recommended


stage to go for it because the rates


will literally double from stage four to


stage five. That's why I have stopping


points. At stage one, you just get a


rare. Stage two, you get a epic. So, at


15k, you can go for an epic. At 30k, you


can go for a unique. At stage four, you


um it could be either unique or


legendary. But if you're trying to sweat


to stage five 65k, then I wouldn't


really bother trying to open them if you


already have a unique. So you could just


save them and get 65k and then whenever


you get to that point at this point


right here, you could start going for a


legendary. Then there is a mess shop


within the UI that sells the ceiling


wands over here for 30 or it sells 30 of


them for 5 mil each and you can buy them


every single week. When you ever you buy


these wands, they last for 7 days. So,


it's best to buy them towards the very


end of a week to hold on to them as long


as possible cuz you want to hold on to


them until you reach a certain tier. And


then whenever you do hit that tier, you


will use them for a higher chance to get


the the highest ranking seal that you


need. While you wait on that legendary


seal, it is perfectly fine to upgrade a


lower tier seal up to plus six or maybe


seven, but six to seven has a 20% pass


rate. So, it could be pretty difficult.


So, it might be best to just hold your


material until you get the higher tier.


But, it's also important to note that a


plus 7 of a previous tier is equal to a


plus one of a new tier that you just


got. So, whenever you do open a


legendary, that legendary that you just


got is as good as a plus seven unique.


And it is important to note that while


the upgrading process is RNG, all seals


at the same upgrade will have all the


same stats. There is not going to be


anybody with the exact same seal at the


exact same upgrade with different stats.


The only reason why the stats will be


different is because I play a different


class, but it will always have main


stat, secondary stat, attack, and your


main stat per set. Now, I'm going to get


to pay to- win pass territory. Now, I'm


not listing every pay to- win pass in


here. The big ones that I'm going to opt


out is the shine pass only because those


only work for Aerolite and CSO, which I


think is kind of goofy. But if you do


get that, I I would say that's a pretty


crazy pass. If you get that, you get


that. that you can skip like all the way


up to almost 270 with that is


ridiculous. And it's also just


ridiculous because only CIA and Arrow


can get it. And on top of that, there's


also the momentum pass, which I am not


putting in here in this progression dock


at all because you got to be at least


level 280 to use it. But at the top over


here, we got the free rewards. And at


the bottom, we have the paid ones. So,


every single week, you can get around


six and 1/4 levels. So, it is going to


take you at least four weeks to finish


the pass. Uh, it is probably going to


last two months on GMS, but we don't


have the patch notes yet to fully


confirm that. And also, this pass isn't


even on the test server. Here is a list


of free rewards. So, you get 30 selector


symbol vouchers, which each one is five


arcana, two grandest. You get 100 exp


node stones, which is, you know, that's


how it's going to be for the new Vmatrix


system, where 100 exp nodes is equal to


300 regular nodes. Uh, there are two VIP


sauna tickets, 10 special honor medals,


35 fragments, 30 black flames, 20 VIP


boosters, and 2,000 advanced tickets.


And then for the paid rewards, you get


200 selective symbol vouchers, 300 exp


nodes, 5 hours of sauna, 100 special


medal of honors, 400 fragments, 300


black flames, 20 bright cubes, and bonus


bright cubes. But because this is mostly


for heroic, it's really just 40 bright


cubes instead. And then there is also


two 2,000 advanced exp tickets and one


transcendent growth potion. And again,


this paid pass is about 20k Maple points


just about. And while you do have that


paid pass active, you will get a passive


plus 200% normal monster damage and plus


20% exp.


Now we have the challenge as well


passive. This is the big thing that's


replacing Legion and Link skills.


Obviously, it doesn't fully replace it,


but it's really huge. So, we start off


with some stats over here, as you can


see. And the thing about these stats is


that they will improve based on your


challenger rank. The additional stats


gained below down here will be compared


to the previous rank. So, at bronze, you


gain a lot of normal monster damage. At


silver, you gain some attack, boss


damage, ID, all stat HP. Gold, it's the


exact same thing. At platinum, it's the


exact same thing except a little bit


more attack and you get crit damage.


Emerald, it's the same thing as platinum


pretty much almost. And then at diamond,


you get an extra 20% messo and drop


rate. Here's the final passive, which is


really huge cuz it's got crazy stats


like 80 attack, 70 boss, 70 IED, 40 crit


damage, just all all of this insane


stuff right here. And the big thing


about the IED when I mention additive


that's, you know, up here and stuff, uh,


once again, this is going to be one


single source of 70 IED, which is going


to make getting high IED in challenge


mode not even that bad because it is all


stacking on this one single overpowered


source of 70%. Because without with how


IED works, the more you have in one


line, the better it is functionally.


Like 70% is infinitely better than seven


sources of 10. It's not even close.


That's why if there was only ever one


source of 100% IED, you wouldn't need


any IED ever. But that's just how the


stat works. Next up, we have another


pass, which is the Genesis pass.


Available for all worlds, but it's still


really huge for challenge roll progue.


So the Jenny pass, it cost 30k in X.


Last time GMS sold it, you were able to


buy two of them for your account. So, I


imagine they'll probably do it again.


And they did confirm that they are


bringing the Genesis pass back. And this


pass is really huge because while you


have it, you get three times the Traces


of Darkness on bosses during your Jinny


weapon liberation, which means it's


going to bring it from 11 weeks to


liberate to four weeks to liberate and


get your weapon. You can also six-man


the Jinny missions for her, Lotus,


Damian, Will, Lucid, and Varys Hill. You


will also get an additional buff every


time you fight any boss that gives you


traces. So, black mage, his commander,


stuff like that. You do not get this


buff in slime or any of like the early


grandest bosses. But this buff gives you


20 attack, 20 all stat, 10% boss, 10%


IED, some HP, and 150 Arcane Force,


which at Arcane Force is huge, which


without Arcane Force, you were able to


get 1.3x on black mage. There is a


little bit more help this time around to


get it because this time the rental


totems, each of them give 20 arcane


force. So getting to this point is going


to be way easier if you ever did want to


reach 1720 for that 1.3x on black mage.


And then you will also get a 3% attack


magnificent soul of any black mage


commander that you want to choose after


you liberate. Now the thing is there is


also a 3% attack soul from hard Kai, but


I guess you could just put that on


another character because I don't think


you could transfer the jinny weapon


soul. But honestly, the Kai soul looks a


lot cooler than any of these black mage


commanders. So, it's a bit of a rough


situation because I feel like I'd rather


put the Kai soul from clearing hard Kai


on my challenge role character's weapon.


Next up, we have a new event. It's


called Challenger Partners. You find a


friend and you become partners. This


event gives additional rewards for you


and your partner as well as extra exp


points that you can earn for your


partner while you grind and vice versa.


The bosses required for the missions


have to be duoed with your partner and


they have to be done or they are allowed


to be done in practice mode. They don't


have to be done in practice mode, but


you can do them in there. These bosses


are hard will for 100 frags, hard vhill


for another 100 frags, easy adversary


for a partner ring, hard sin for a


partner roid, and no callos for a soul


partner medal. So for the partner ring,


this can only be displayed in towns.


Both you and your partner have to be


wearing it and you got to be right next


to each other. For hard sarin, it is


going to take the the android. It is


going to take the look of your partner


at the time y'all cleared hard sarin,


you know, their outfit that they're


wearing. If they are playing a zero or


an AB, then they will take whatever they


look like at the time Sarin has been


cleared. So, if you are alpha, if you


kill Sarin and your partner is zero


alpha, then it's going to show zero


alpha. or if it if you killed it as


beta, then it's going to show zero beta.


And then same goes with AB. If you're


transformed, it's going to show your


transformed state. And if you're not


transformed, it is going to show your


untransformed state. So some people can


get creative with how they want to make


their androids look while they fight


Sarin. And then for the soul partner


medal, it just shows in the description


your partner's name at the time of the


callous clear. So it only shows it at


the time of the callous clear. So, if


they ever change their name, that new


name is not going to be applied. Now,


there's hunting expans. I've seen a lot


of people make a big deal about this and


they've been hoping that their partner


would get the 100k kills in per week so


they get the exp, but honestly, the exp


is not really good. And I think they


made the exp bad on purpose because I've


already seen dudes get mad at partners


for not training. And I'm sure the exact


same thing is going to happen for some


of y'all, too. I feel like if they made


something like this really really good


exp dudes would be way more upset about


their partner if they didn't train


especially considering you signed a


contract when you start this event where


you are not allowed to change your


partner. So choose wisely


for a full week of points which is


100,000 mobs killed for 100,000 points.


I showed some exp at specific levels,


which is 16% at 260, 7% at 270, or 1.7


at 280. Like, it's really not even that


bad. If you want to see it for yourself,


you can open the dock in the description


and then click the link right here. It


goes to uh maple.kr.


Next up, we have Challenger EXP Duo,


which is yet another paid event. This is


another paid event over here. And how it


works is that you buy you spend 10,000


NX for a ticket. You put it on your


character on your main world and then


you get on your challenger world


character and then you just start


killing mobs on Challenger World.


Starting from the time you purchase the


ticket, you can hunt monsters within


your level range on Challenger World to


acquire the duo points. And you can use


your duo points for 14 days starting


from the time that you did use the


tickets. Unfortunately, the exp tickets


and the dual point usage period cannot


go past whenever challenge zone ends.


So, if you do buy it later in the event


towards the very end, they will get cut


short and you will lose that time. So,


you need to be warned. The duo pass for


the week counts up to the first 645,000


mobs that you kill for that week. So,


here's how the duo point acquisition


works. Because you can get up to 1.5


million duo points from this event. For


the first 200k mobs, you get four points


each. For for the next 80k, it's three


points. For the next 95k, it's two


points. And then for the remaining mobs,


it's only one point. So despite needing


to cap out the dual points at 645k mobs,


you earn more than half of the points


that you could already cap out at for


the week at 200k. Here's a list that I


found of the amount of exp that you can


get at level 291 for if your main world


character is 291 and you do get a


certain amount of points. So, if you


actually manage to cap out 645k points


in one week or 1.5 million points, you


get 5.3%


every week on your level 291 character,


which sounds good and all, but it is


just simply due to the fact that you


need to farm for probably 31 hours every


week. and you need to fork over 10k in X


every single week to keep this up, which


a lot of people are not going to be


doing. To me, I still say the pass is


worth it. Me personally, you know, for


you it depends on if you want it or not,


but me personally, I think the pass is


still worth it if you can reach that


200k mob mark because these four points


per mob are valuable and like getting


what is it? 9.3 trillion for 10k at 291.


I think that's still a pretty good deal.


It's just even 200k requires 10 hours a


week to be able to grind. I just figured


that might be more realistic to some


people that actually play the game, but


that is that is just something that you


do need to know. I feel like there's


going to be a lot of people that will


skip out on this pass because honestly


whether it's really good for you or not,


it's just it's super super situational.


Now, we got some training maps and ways


to gain exp. So during Challenge World 2


last season, while I was training Marin,


I created a list of the maps that I was


training at, I I made I made a list over


here, and pretty much what this list is


is the best exp maps that I I figured


were like really good. uh generally


around your level range for the most


part whenever you get to Grandis. In


Arcane River, it's it kind of fluctuates


a bit here and there, but I found these


maps to be the best at certain levels.


And it's like a step-by-step guide of


where you should train, whe either lazy


or active up until 275. And then at 275


plus, you can sort of kind of use the


knowledge of this and figure out which


maps you want to go to at Shangerlaw and


areas beyond that. And then don't forget


about your exp content every single day,


including symbol dailies and monster


park. And then weekly stuff like monster


park extreme and your epic dungeon


because that's going to help you a lot


if you don't have much time to train


over time to at least get that, you


know, bare minimum challenger goal of


level 280. You can get a full grasp of


everything that gives exp here. And over


here, it's pretty much just Wacky Beans


website that has the exp breakdown of


all the exp content. You can put in


whatever level you are and you can see


how much everything gives.


The gearing process, this is mostly


ripped from the challenge roll 2 video.


This and honestly, not really too much


has changed for how you should be taking


your gear. Once again, top priority for


players who tend to actively play grind


should be mea drop gear by far. This is


like super huge. We have a very high


amount of normal monster damage


challenge, so you should be fine to use


any accessories. Honestly, monsters


nowadays aren't strong. They're not


tough. Literally, any accessory that can


get 20% meo or drop is good to go for


this. So, for some easily obtainable


items, you got the silver blossom ring,


the treasure hunter jawn ring, which is


like 5 minutes of questing in NLC New


Leaf City. Uh two event rings. If you


have more event rings, you can use more


rings to swap out silver blossom or


treasure hunter John. Uh there is the


mechanator pennant which is easily


obtainable for mararium. No second


pennant ideally because of spirit


pennant otherwise you can get like a


chaos necklace or something. Uh you can


consider getting a greed pennant for


drop rate. It has a based plus 20%


equipment drop rate. However, it does


not break the 200% drop rate cap. So at


the end of the day, you know, in the


grand scheme of things, you don't really


need a greed pendant. There's also the


horn earrings right here, the zakum


face, and then the zakum eye.


The grinder should focus on meo percent


first and then move on to drop percent.


The non- grinder should still get the


set but fully privatized drop percent


more and set for bosses later on. If you


are very sweaty, you complete this set


of 100% messo and 80% drop, which is one


line of mao or drop per equip on this


list over here. And then after that, you


will begin to stop rolling for h. You


will start rolling for hybrids or double


drop. Hybrids necessarily aren't too bad


to get, but the big problem is trying to


roll specifically for double drop.


Getting that 200% drop rate on the


average price is already very high. So


that could be freakishly expensive.


Whether you want to go beyond 100 mea


and 80 drop is up to you. Honestly, this


time around because I want to play arrow


light so much, I probably will go for


hybrids and maybe double drop, but I


just got to see if I get lucky enough to


be able to hit them. This is good to


focus on because your damage gear is


mostly just your item burning and the


equipment rentals for whenever you need


them. So, it's like really not that bad.


Again, there's a few slots where you do


need to get like actual damage gear for,


but you won't spend too much on those


starting off. Now, for damage


accessories, a lot of this very early on


is mostly just going to be whatever you


pick up that could potentially be better


than the hyper burning box that gave you


those boss accessories.


This portion really just includes items


you would use after the expiration of


equipment rentals. Anything you see on


here that shares a similar slot with


rentals, you don't have to worry about


at all during the entirety of this


challenge world, like ever. But if you


do want to know what you could go for


ideally whenever item burning does go


away. I mean whenever that happens in


like 5 months a list over here would be


an O ring. Most classes will be using


roar for but afterwards it's going to be


a change. So every class will be using


both roar and continuous ring. There's


an event ring until superior golics. So


I do recommend you run golics every day.


Uh there is a slime ring and then also


connor treasure. The last ringer is


either going to be Connor treasure,


Meister Ring, or an Endless Terror.


Whichever one you could put in that


slot. Obviously, ET endless terror if


you do get that one early. The ones in


red do indicate a rental slot, but for


those items, there is the superior go


belt, which you can work on over time by


getting golden clover belts and then,


you know, transferring that. There's


also either a sweet water attack too or


a Twilight mark/zer.


Honestly, I don't really think you got


to run commercial. As a matter of fact,


I really feel like that's a huge waste


of time. Like I feel like the only


reason why you would ever run commercial


is if you wear a dual blade looking for


a seawaterara.


So face is either Twilight Microser and


then eye accessory is either black bean


mark, pat mark or eye patch. And then


earrings will be superior goss. And then


this will over here, the first pendant


slot will either be a fake or a real


dominator until a superior pendance. And


then the second pendant slot will be


mechanator or a dominator if you get a


superior before you get a daybreak


pendant. With rental gear involved, it


would be best to get a daybreak pendants


if you can, so you can pair it with a


slime ring for two set dawn if you do


happen to get both of those items. And I


think if you are not a demon class


pitying a ruin for shield with the dawn


accessories, the daybreak pendants is


the best item to get with the dawn


crystals. And then there's also the


pocket item which you can get either a


holy pink beauty or a curse spell book.


But for the most part, you will really


be using your farming gear as bossing


gear until you want to get the rentals


for the week. And then you'll be using


those. And then the rest of the slots,


like I said, would be filled with


whatever rings you can get out of these


or whatever pennants you can get out of


these for that one singular pen slot


that's free. Besides spending everything


you have, going for farming gear or


hybrids or like double drop or whatever,


uh I would recommend some investments


into WSE or at least your secondary and


your emblem. You don't have to do an


arcane weapon. Um, I wouldn't, you know,


I would kind of sort of recommend it if


you don't buy a Genesis pass because it


will take you so long to liberate, but


that's only up to you. You still don't


have to do one for your secondary. Just


use the frozen one. Just use the frozen


one. You can wait for a pen, wait a


couple weeks for that extra five attack


or whatever it is. But now it's like


even more so not really necessary


because in the patch in July, Astra


secondaries are coming out and you can


use legit any of these secondaries


whether it's um frozen or pino or


regular secondary to transfer to Astra


anyway and Astra is better than all of


these secondaries. So, it literally


doesn't matter. If your challengeable


character is a mule with no intention on


upgrading to astro secondary because it


does take a while to get, then you can


wait for Penino later on. That's fine.


But at the start, I would try to go for


any two-line combination of boss or


attack for the early game. The moment


you get that, that's all you need. You


can stop. For emblem, I recommend at


least a two-line combination of attack


percent and IED, but no twoline IED. And


then whenever you do get that higher


rank of challenge award where you really


have that big high source of IED, I I


would recommend two lines of attack if


you do want to roll for that. Now, for


armor, obviously we got the item


burning, but in order to get out of the


item burning, you are going to need


arcanes and eternals. For this season of


challenge a reward, I am completely


skipping the necessary means to get CRA


and I am encouraging players to pursue


bosses and get eternal gear instead


because the main goal is that you will


never wear CRA at all unless you just do


not proc enough in the next 5 months. If


it's a mule with no means to pursue


these bosses, then it's perfectly fine


to just transition out of Burning into


CRA. But if this is a character that you


want to push as a main or a higher level


mule, then I still recommend that you go


for eternals. You'd want to get eternal


hat top, bottom, and then arcane


shoulder, shoe, glove, and cape. Now, in


order for Arcane to beat the item


burning, they probably all need to be at


least 20 or 21 stars. At least 20 stars


because obviously they'll have better


pots. You could even argue 19 maybe if


the pots are good enough. And then you


can swap them out. Um, and you can wear


either the full arcane set or throw a


gisha keys on there and that's fine,


too. And then you're good. But I do


think you will need 19 star arcanes with


good pots and good flames to challenge


this item burning set. Now, for the


eternal situation, this is where party


bossing is going to come into play in


order to get them in a timely manner.


Because although we have hard Kai, GMS


heavily shortened the duration of


challenge mode, so it's only 12 weeks.


That means you need to solo hard Kai by


the third week of Challenger World to be


able to make two full Eternals.


Otherwise, you can only make one. And


that really, really sucks. But since


that's the case, throughout the rest of


Challenger World, you can build your


Eternals by funding your character


enough to be strong enough to party up


for bosses like normal callos, normal


adversary, normal calling. Well, it says


easy and above for Cali, but I do


mention down below that I strongly


recommend you get strong enough to run


normal mode. And then there's also


normal maleific star, which is the


newest boss. Now, the soft requirements


for these bosses that I listed for


normal Kos, if you solo easy, you can


get to a party that can kill normal


pretty fast as long as everybody else in


that normal party is strong enough to


solo easy. For adversary, it's pretty


much the same. Solo easy adversary and


you're barely strong enough to do


normal. I think three people soloing


easy will only barely clear normal. So


ideally you are a bit stronger than just


soloing easy mode in a fulltime run.


There's also normal caling which I


mentioned solo easy caling and you're


strong enough for normal but due to


caling's nature of high failure rates


you might have to be stronger for more


comfortable runs probably to the point


where you got to be strong enough to


solo normal callos which I put as the


wreck for normal malefific star.


However, these little conditions here,


they do not factor in your level and


your sack because for higher versions of


bosses, generally speaking, they are


higher level and they do require more


sack. For example, soloing easy callos


is 250 sack. Got to make sure you get


enough damage to have that same damage


obtained, which is 350 sack for normal


callos.


soloing normal callos I put as a


recommendation for for malefific star


but you need 450 sack for the full


damage bonus to fight her. So anyone


soloing normal callos at 350 sack cannot


do malefific star at 350 sack because


her men sack requirement is 400 and you


will be too weak. So, you got to look


some of these things up and you got to


build up your levels and your sack to


make sure you can match that higher


difficulty of the boss and then you can


go ahead and fight them with other


people and start building up your


eternals.


18 star eternals will be better than 22


star challengers. So, you can replace


these items without fear of booming the


eternals, at least the cheap way.


Obviously, you can star force up to 22


now without booming, but the cost pass


18 is really really really really high.


So that's that's not recommended,


but again, I would just leave armors


alone for the most part because of item


burning until you're mostly done with


like whatever remaining damage


accessories there are uh that you can


get that rentals do not provide. And


then make sure your farming gear is done


as well, too.


For the heart, there is a fairy heart in


the check-in event, but we have to wait


until week six to get it. This is


ridiculously insane. Week six is crazy.


However, once you do get that fairy


heart, you are eligible to upgrade the


fairy heart to a plasma heart if you


defeat hard Kai, which is a level 130


heart, and you can get it to 20 stars as


long as it doesn't blow up. You don't


have to worry about an android at all


because you instantly get one at 5,000


points, which is the challengers android


that displays your challenger rank icon


that you currently have.


And then the event titles, it's the same


as last time. First things first, you


claim eternal flame right away whenever


you hit 200. That is the title that you


keep until level 270. And then


afterwards, I mean, you can claim Okay,


so this is not necessarily true. You can


claim infinite flame from the


hyperburning UI. You just cannot use the


coupon that you put in your use


inventory. That's why it's generally


best to just not really claim it at all.


The second title you want to pop is


Beyond Burning at level 270 because the


stats are the exact same as infinite


flame. So compared to Eternal Flame, you


get more boss, more ID, more stat, more


attack, stuff like that. But you also


get 100 sack and 100 Arcane Force from


Beyond Burning, which is super huge.


It's going to help out with that early


granus progue, and you're really going


to love it. Whenever Beyond Burning


expires after 2 months, that is when you


pop infinite flame. And the only


difference is that it has like 50 lower


sack and that's it. That way you have


four months of a really good title. So


it's recommended that you do not have


these two titles overlap because that


will suck. I have a category for rental


gear. I don't show the stats itself


which I completely forgot to take a


picture of on the test server and the


test server just went down which lows.


But I do have the set effects but the


stats are really really good. And the


rentals this time around, they last for


2 days instead of one. So you want to


get that once per week whenever you run


down all your bosses. And it only costs


1.6 billion meos to get all your


rentals. And this time around, the


rental gear is only available until


November 10th. I say only available, but


that is for 5 months, which is really


long. And then over here, I talk about


the ignition set. So, whenever you do


want to swap out of your challenger gear


to like arcanes or whatever, um this


time around you actually get the keys


right away to each for these first four


missions. So, you will immediately have


them whenever you finish the easy lucid


mission. You don't need to wait around


for 3 weeks or four weeks, then kill a


harder difficulty of a boss to get the


keys. No, this time they finally just


give them to you right away.


And we have the set effect here which


pretty much rivals the arcane set just


about the arcane and the CRA set


combined. I mean here's an example


screenshot. I am wearing six item


burning equips and two arcane equips. I


use the keys on the weapon slot right


here in the glove slot to get two set


initia while still having six set


challenger. The two set Ignitisha is


equal to the stats of the set or of set


seven and eight on challenger. So, I was


able to swap out to better gear without


losing any set effect stats. That's


pretty much the main point of these


ignition keys. However, they cannot be


used on like the challenging gear itself


obviously, but they also cannot be used


on Eternals. And then there's still the


sing Goku thing, but that's that's kind


of whatever. But the side effect of


Eternals is far better anyway, so it


doesn't really matter. And then down


here, I mentioned the equipment focus.


The red is the slots that the Reynolds


cover and then the blue is the slots


that the item burning covers. Uh the


rest I've already talked about, but I do


reiterate it down here. And then


finally, some other things to be working


on for the long term. Ideally, you want


your character to have a full set of


pitch. And with this new system of


getting items to 22 stars without


booming, it is now realistically


possible to see a drop and be excited


because you know you're going to 22 it.


It's just it's just going to take a


while with money cost and everything.


And even if your challenger character


doesn't need a pitch, uh there are still


very important things to work on like


tracer store missions whenever you are


able to do them for certain bosses


whenever you're comfortable enough. You


can get these points and then transfer


them over from challenger world to your


main world whenever world leap comes.


There is also the starspec boxes for


trace restore. These boxes you could


farm on challenger world and your main


world if you want and you could bring


those over to your main world as well


too. But that's kind of a pretty insane


fomo tactic like I mentioned right here.


So you only really do that if you want


to. But I wouldn't I wouldn't break your


back trying to do anything like that.


And then pitch whisper crystals. Um, you


might need to talk around to a lot of


people for like pre and stuff because


there are some people with this whole


new pitches and everything that want to


go for a Genesis patch. You want to


fully save up for it even though you


need 390 crystals for it. But there are


some people that say, "Oh, you don't


need that. You're going to get it


eventually, but you never really know


when eventually is." And that's why some


people still just go for it anyway. You


either do that or go for other pitch


items that you just need to be able to


get that at 22 to just make the set


effect. I would never ever ever ever


make a meter's rage though. That's


awful.


But with all the new systems given in


the past two major patches, there is now


a very very viable feasible way to reach


nine maybe 10 set within a timely


manner. I really have no idea how long


that is expected to take uh with


everything. I'm sure I'm going to figure


that out on my own when I play Aerolite,


but uh we'll have to see. And of course,


that 10th item, 10th set will be either


refreshing black hearts or eventually


getting a total control from extreme


Lotus if it ever drops.


And that is it. There is a lot to cover.


There's a lot going on this season and


it's going to be really, really, really


crazy. And I know I didn't go over


everything fully like you know all the


passes and stuff but I just kind of went


over the gist of mostly what really


needed to be known about this challenger


world that and ways you can get around


to like you know getting the gear done


and then if you want to figure out how


to get the money for it you either farm


or you boss and then there's also


essence every day too for like 100 mil a


day. It just sucks because this time


around they deliberately handpicked out


the event from Korea that gives a free


vac pet. Unless that just wasn't in the


test server for some reason because


there are a few things that they


confirmed that wasn't in the test server


like the challenges pass. So, we could


still hold for the official patch notes


for a V free vac, but right now there uh


there just wasn't one. And if there is


not one going live, that just kind of


sucks.


But I will be wrapping it up here. If


you did learn a thing or two from this


video, I am very happy about that. But


with that being said, thank you all so


much for watching and I will see you


guys in the next video. And if you have


any questions or concerns about this


document or anything that I probably


should change, please do let me know.


And that's it. Peace. Peace, y'all.