What the chuck is everybody? Jenna here


back at it with another video. Thought


I'd redo my pre-season challenge world


video and go over what I'm going to be


doing on day zero.


And it's it's a lot. Uh again, this is


what I'm going to be doing. If you want


to follow along, by all means do, but


just know that I will be pulling out the


wallet, paying for some passes, and


going all out just this once. So, let's


see what all of this actually entails.


So, first up, uh the biggest thing and


why I want to release the video now is


that you could brick your Prague


this reset. And that's if you complete


the OD request. So, this request is once


per account, which means if you do it uh


this week, you won't be able to do it on


day zero of the new patch.


Also, we also have the summer countdown.


If you haven't been doing this, make


sure this is all ready to go for day


zero and then load up on some NX.


So the patch look based on uh what Nex


has done in the past what how they


handled the ren patch how they when they


released the PTS I firmly believe the


game will be up 3 hours of reset. Now,


this can change this time next week.


We'll have uh the scheduled maintenance


of when the game's actually down. But


with how they've been working so far,


this is what I believe will be the uh


the go for 3 hours to a reset game will


come up and then we'll have uh 3 hours


to run around like headless chalks to


try. Well, less than that because you


have to download the game. I even I


didn't include that in the checklist.


That's that's a big thing. That's a big


game changer. We'll get to it. We'll get


to it. And then finally, uh, this was my


little test run. When I did the hero,


the the previous burning, I timed how


long it would take to like get


everything done. And this took like this


took 2 hours and 46 minutes. That was


skipping six job, but I did spend some


time to get a lot of drop rate. And we


won't be doing that in challenge mod cuz


we have item burning and limited funds.


All righty, let's let's get into it. Oh,


so first up, sorry. Day zero purchases.


This is everything that I'll be getting.


going to charge $110


for the shine pass, the challengers


pass, the journey pass. Skip day day


zero of dailies and weeklies. This is


for everything besides hotel arcus.


That's right. We'll be doing hotel arcus


day zero. And of course, auto clearing


high mountain, which saves like half an


hour to an hour. I'm kidding. It does.


High mountain on a lowspec does take a


long time. All right, now we can get


into the checklist. So, out of the gate,


the first thing you want to do or what


I'll be doing is deleting my save name.


This isn't the one I'll be using, but it


was a contender. Make sure you're in the


ghost form as well, and the 24-hour cool


has expired, otherwise you won't be able


to do it. Um, and also, I forgot. Uh,


let's actually add this uh cuz I just


remembered it. But download the game


on both Steam and Nex and Launcher.


We spelled this right. And then uh kill


the one that is


taking longer.


This will be a race. This gives you a


better chance to get into the game


straight away. Then we can delete the


save name. Uh, make sure you pick the


right server. Uh, I kid you not, I have


seen way too many people brick


themselves by loading up on interactive


when they actually want to play on


heroic. Make sure you pick the right


one. Challenger heroic. There'll only be


one heroic world to pick on. There'll be


two


heroic worlds. Make sure you play on


Challenger Heroic for this season.


Uh, then we make the character. You'll


be given this popup. Be sure to set the


middle one. This is the one you want.


Don't set this one. Don't set this one.


You'll brick yourselves, especially if


you click this one. Not really. You make


another character, but you'll lose the


name. And then you'll I think you do


have to relog to do this. Uh but before


you hit 260, uh make sure you also


designated as a hyper beyond burning.


And make sure you type beyond burning in


this box and nothing else.


All right. Then when we load up, we can


skip this. Look, I know the PTS had a


bug where if you skipped this, you


couldn't advance to six double arrow.


Hey, that was fixed. It's fine. You can


skip these. Just go for it. Get to level


30 straight away.


Next step is to then buy the shine pass.


I'm playing Arrol. I am sure I am I am


confident there will be a Goddess Pass


season 4 released alongside this event.


Next, it'll be silly not to also include


that,


but I'll be getting this on the Errol,


paying the uh what 35 just to get the uh


all the all the goodies. I'll get the


the fashion one later if I so choose.


And then I'll be undoing undoing


unlocking this box here to get the title


which I think is an exp title and then


the penis to copy that straight away.


All right, next up we will tear a blink


to 200 very quick. Takes about 10 or so


minutes and just got to go through all


the dialogue men game for a bit. Try and


level up your skills at the same time so


you can minmax and optimize and yeah


you're level 200 very quickly. Now it's


to play Oh no, not yet. We have to do


not menu gaming just yet, but we have to


get fifth job. Very easy now because it


just blinks you everywhere. And then


I'll be redeeming these 20 node stones


to then max out holy symbol just for a


little bit of a boost with strawberry


farm.


Next up, I'll be getting uh professions


and starting auto harvest. This should


count down at least 2 and 1 half th000


hits. It's some juice. It's not like a a


big advantage, but hey, it's something.


It also helps to get this started


straight away. So every day you can uh


make sure it runs for the full 4 hours


so you can get the juice and you can


eventually start making laps.


Uh I also will redeem challenges passes


gives the bonus to mob damage which will


be nice for future things including


doing monster extreme. And then load up


the arcane seal. Just get it. Just open


up one get whatever you get. It's if


it's rare it's it. Just put it on.


It's a little bit extra damage.


All right.


Then I will be grabbing basically all


the boxes. Uh but the most important one


out of the gate is the strawberry


tickets from the level 200 box. This


also gives us the mag pots we'll be


using later. Use these two strawberry


farm tickets and this should get you to


215 and some change. Then after that


uh we want to be basically redeeming


all these boxes. And all these boxes


it's about 13.7k tickets. It will bing


us from 215 all the way to 250. So


that's 1k from power of time in the top


left. 210 box gives a,000. The 225 gives


5,000. The two level 30 level 230 box


gives a 2,000. And then finally the


power of fate in the middle gives 5k.


And that'll be enough to get a 250.


Then we can bing the with four mag ports


to get a 260. Yipp.


That's from before. And then the last


one is from the summer countdown. Very


nice. And then look at that. We're at


260. Crazy. Now it's time to get the


genie weapon and redeem the genie pass.


Proc this now. Make it active. It'll


make killing some of the C10 bosses a


little easier. Well, not any, but we


will be doing easy lucid and normal


lotus and ambient. So, this will help go


through that. And remember, this is 30k


NX, not mele points.


All righty. After that, we'll be then


using the remainder advanced. Well, they


it sorry the remainder exp tickets and


the big chungus 10k advance tickets to


go from 260 and some change all the way


to 266. Very nice. That's 1,000 from the


level 220 box. 24 oh 3,000 from the 240


box.


Then from the


uh this is the free one and then from


the special one, the paid one, you get


10k exp virtues. Then 5k from the 250


box. And then the big one here, the 10k


from this box there. That gets you to


266. It'll be 26 for a little bit as we


go through some menu gaming or some more


uh fine things we got to do. So we got


to get all the symbols unlocked. Uh this


is just go to every town, get them, and


then cuz you'll have like level seven


from the hyperburn and level 10 or so


from the


what's it called? the shine pass, but


purging them together. I think you go


like level 11, level 12, I think you can


get level 13 if once you do the dailies


and weeklies and then come day day one,


week one will be level 15 or some


It's going to be super fast.


Get six drop. They're going to make it


easier to do six drop. You don't have to


uh like charge up the six stones even


though that was kind of the easier part


when you had boosts or the exp boosters.


Now, the annoying part is doing like the


uh the mini weeklys during it all, but


it is still much quicker and has a skip


feature for the cut scenes, which is


quite nice. So, get or get six job. I


didn't include it, but sometime in


between these two things, you also want


to uh


advance or plow through fifth job, which


should be quite easy because during all


of these boxes here, you got to get a


million between the hyperburn track and


the shine pass track, you get a ton


of the new V matrix points, and you'll


be able to max out all the important


skills. You won't you can't max out


everything yet, uh, but you'll be able


to max out all the important.


All right, moving on. After that,


we can unlock some six drop skills. I'm


going to unlock a set off the cuff cuz


it'll be the most useful to kill some of


the easy bosses we'll be doing later.


Uh, but if you want a small indication


of how much day zero soul and fragments


we can get is this, the three soul order


from power of life plus 50 frags, this


is the right hand side. And then the


level 260 gift gives us a big amount of


200 frags. The challenger shop, I think


once you bing 260, you'll have like 3k


coins. And then once you kill some


bosses, you can easily get 100 of these


bad boys for 4k coins.


You can get 90 of these from the summer


gift. I It is tricky. Like there is a


case where cuz we we're going to be sold


at uh the energy, but that's going to be


what gates us for the early prog cuz


we're going to get a ton of


fragments. But honestly, I think I will


still redeem the fragments from this cuz


it's just more better value. And again,


it makes the doing the daily so much


important because you do get nine s


order, which is quite a bit.


If you can make it to 5k points on day


zero, you do get another 100 frags and


three s order, which would be quite


nice. Uh, so I'll just be taking a


chill. Actually, haven't mapped this out


yet cuz even if we just spawn with three


of these,


still missing two. We'll have maybe I do


redeem two of these. Maybe. Okay, that's


something to think about. All right,


moving on.


Then we get to play some more menu


gaming by skipping dailies. This is like


200H. Is a 2kh. And then I think for


surnium


the baby one is like 300 and the next


one's like crazy 1k. I want to save a


dollar by manually doing a sernium or


sorry hotel ara sties. Uh, so I'll just


be completing this side basically and


just the


turnium ones on Grandus. All right,


moving on.


Now we got to get to some cubing. So,


we're actually going to be given


basically four event ranks this event,


which is quite nice that I include them


all here. So, the first one's going to


be from this selector from summer


countdown. The next one's going to be


from the level 210 box, you know,


selector. Make sure you pick uh the


different ones. You'll get all three.


So, make sure you pick up different ones


cuz you'll get another coupon here. And


then this is the internal. This is the


fourth one that's unique from these


other three coupons.


Also, this is a challenge exclusive


ring. You get this. You don't get this


in normal world. You can see how many


 node stones we get. Actually, a


crazy amount.


And then, as for scrolling, I didn't put


fancy pictures for this, but this will


run down. Three legendary scrolls. You


get one from a summer countdown as shown


in the screenshot. Where is it? There it


is.


And then we get two from So we get one


from the level 260 shine box. This can


be used on anything. So like you could


use this on like a secondary. I wouldn't


use it on an emblem. Uh but I ideally


will probably use it on a ring just so I


can then use these solid cubes to go for


item drop. Now I'm not sure. I think on


day zero I will just use as little as


possible. Once I hit item drop, right,


I'll just run with that cuz then I can


use that for the bosses. and it's only


really useful for Princess No on day


zero.


Uh, one of the events that wasn't on the


PTS was this winter survival event. This


is similar. Do I have it here? I'll


probably I think I'll screenshot later.


Uh, but Ren had this event when she came


out in Changer World 2. Uh, but now it


it was re-released for the Crown patch


for KMS and anyone can do this now. a


different a little bit of different


rewards, but it's still really good,


which includes not only another ring


selector, which we can't really use. Uh,


but it comes like a vac, a 30-day


spirit, stuff like that. And, uh, you


get a lot more cubes from it as well.


So, these are the solid cubes for rings.


100 from the summer countdown. Where is


it? There it is. That one right there.


And then we can get more from 200 from


level two 10 blocks, which is huge. 50


from the hoverurn max. And then again,


another 100. You also, there is also a


bunch of unique scrolls we can grab


throughout this event, which will make


doing everything else a little easier.


There's also some legendary scrolls from


the later boxes of or the later


challenger redemption rewards,


but you need like master like I think


you need emerald and diamond to get


that. So, it's not like day zero chat.


But for unique scrolls, summer


countdown, shine pass, hella heart, like


there's a crazy amount of unique


scrolls. So, it will make trying to get


the legendary a little cheaper, which is


quite nice, but not really feasible for


day zero. Really, all I'm doing is


grabbing at least these two legendary


scrolls and cubing it for some drop


rate. It's not a lot, but hey, it's


something.


After that,


it's time to do some item burning. And


this is the one one of the things that I


misinformed in my previous video. Uh,


there is a limit of how many you can


progue after Easy Lucid. After Easy


Lucid, it's on a uh like a weekly like


basis and it's like whoever whatever the


highest C you can get more points so on


and so forth. I'll show you more that


later. But as for day zero, easy lucid


should be an easy clear.


Uh because not only will we have the


burning boss accessory box which gives


us basically I think it's gives us


is it the full 10 set? No, that's


including short. It'll give us like nine


set. It's a crazy amount. We'll get this


which will come pre-cubed. I think


pre-flamed I can't remember. And then we


will have the free dom. Make sure you


pick dom from this box. Even though we


get two of these, two of these


selectors, but just get the dominator.


And then we can always start from Chaos


Zach into Valum into Lotus and into


Lucid. And we can also do all this in


practice mode, which gives us access to


all the buffs.


And then this is the winter survival. Uh


if you want even more damage, this comes


with a uh if you want to kill Valum, you


get a unique emblem.


Think you also get a Is it Is this an


elector? Crazy stuff. I mean, you can


see how crazy these rewards are. You


just kill You won't be getting these


two. I think you have to do I I don't


think you did it in order, but easy


loser. You get another You get a unique


potential scroll. Where's the Here we


go. This is the event.


You get a crazy amount of symbols. Holy.


All right, moving on. Once item


burning's done and we clear up the easy


lucid, uh we can then get our money for


day zero. So, this is probably going to


take the longest. Uh hopefully around


half an hour to 45 minutes. Uh the


ascent will make basically everything


down here like super easy. It's only


these three or these four. It will take


a little bit.


But again, if Arrol's bug fixes are


fixed, it should be light work and


easily done and we can make a crazy 1.7


bill. And we'll be spending that


straight away as these are the day the


week zero or day zero gap. These things


right here.


So, from the Mezo shop in the special


tab, we can pick up our first two Mecca


farm tickets. These do reset at weekly


reset, not event reset. So, there is an


option to buy these. Uh, and this is the


reason we wanted to get the bosses or


strong enough to kill the bosses as fast


as possible so we can buy it. Then with


the express boosters, these are the just


the juiced boosters. They require no


exp.


So, you get 10 of these for 300 mil and


then two of these for one bill. And then


we also have the ceiling wands. This is


for the arcane seal. 150 mil to pull out


the 30. And so, here it is. This is the


list. We want to save one bill of these


for the level 280 power spike or even


then these things last the entire event.


They last all the way up until


September. So I believe so. I believe


they last all the way until then.


So there is the option to save them as


late as possible because these do give


more exp whatever map you can use them


on. Becca scales all the way up into the


290s. So I think this gives like 3T at


280 but up to like 6T. It's just more


exp per ticket, which is always a good


thing. Then with the express boosters,


you always want to use on the highest


available map you have access to. And


again, I think it's optional to use them


day zero cuz we're capped out of hitting


268. There isn't any transcendent


potions available. So, we kind of have


to just chill and you can decide not to


use them, but I I'll show you how much


exp they give uh later. And the silly


one's 15. So, this cost 1.45 four five


bill. So we could get even lower like


this does mean we don't need to actually


kill uh where is it


easy lucid and normal slime. You could


just do Damian and below and throw in be


healer and sign in there. You should


have enough just enough money to uh get


them all. But yeah,


next up we want to auto clear epic


dungeon or high mountain. This also


gives a little bit. I didn't include


this in the frag count. This is like 40


frags and like one salt order like.5


soul order. Uh and it gives a measly


like this 13%


and it all adds up. All adds up.


Then we can do monster park. Now this is


interesting. It's not that bad to solo.


I think they've uh hard nerfed it and it


should only take like 5 minutes and it's


like will be juiced with the challenger


pass redeemed. Um, you'll get 200% more


damage. I think they made this a lot


more approachable. Let me see if I can


quickly confirm that.


I'm fairly certain they made this much


easier.


Monster Park Extreme.


Uh, they had no Nope. It's just that we


just changed the XP, so it's a lot


better now. Know later levels. I swear


they changed it so it's easier to do.


All right, don't quote me on that. All


right, but it should be quite easy. And


if you can do it, uh, it is going to get


you about what? 18%. No, 14%.


And then after that,


we can then use the 10 express boosters


while getting the 5k kills. And then we


can also do the hotel arcus daily. All


this should take about 17 minutes. So


you can see just from the boosters


alone, we're getting about 40 I think


it's like 36%. 17 minutes to complete


cuz these boosters last about 100


seconds each.


And this is the map you want to do it


on. So the map only has changed layout.


So it looks like uh one of those night


road maps in the big boy areas.


Uh but this is the highest map you'll be


access to. Level 269 mobs. Uh we have he


might be able I'm not sure he'll be able


to unlock dusk day one or day zur along


with ascent maybe oh if you complete


this maybe


uh but you can easily like place the


spear here you'll have a shower make


sure you I I'd probably max it out


straight away as well and then you'll


have the little gap from the uh


teleahart event you get a summon so you


can like throw it up here it's quite


small when it's in its best form. I bet


you this is the map you're going to do


it on.


All right.


And then finally, this is the last thing


after everything.


Seven monster park runs. I think they


reworked ARA, so it's a little much


quicker even without having to run Busk.


This will get you the final bump. You'll


be like 98%. This doesn't include the XP


you're going to get while training those


boosters. And then with all the dailies


completed, you'll have enough just to


hit 268, which I think is pretty good.


Again, it's optional if you want to use


the boosters because they are these are


better. They do last the entire event.


Then again, it's only 10 and we're going


to get a ton of these, especially


if you pay for the uh burning express


pass, which gives you a ton of


these. And that's it. That's that's uh


that's day zero. That's my checklist so


far. That's everything. It is It's a


lot. Uh, it's going to be uh very


stressful. Um, I'm going to uh play with


like maybe just game sound. I have three


monitors, so two of them will be


probably turned off or I'll have one on


with the checklist there going through


them and then the game full screen and


then no other distractions. I'll be


laser focused trying to get everything


done with pinpoint accuracy. Oh, look, I


get a lot of enjoyment out of this. It's


a lot of lot of fun for me. So, I've


been looking forward to this.


And then I'll quickly go over this. It's


not professionally done with some extra


photos, but it's just some


additional re why why I'm going all out


for day zero because these are the week


1 2 3 and four goals. So week one goals


uh obviously kill with rentals and


burning. This should be quite easy.


Of course unlock ascent. I'm going in


this order. I'm definitely going to get


level one M1 M2 ascent Hecate and then


I'm going to get level 10 Jonas just to


expedite trading with the two balls.


Uh with 268 achievable on day zero, I'm


pretty sure 275 at the very least will


be quite obtainable. Uh with 280 is


probably more of a pipe dream. Take a


lot of hours. I haven't actually mapped


out how much it's going to take. The 275


is more reasonable than 280, especially


with exp


to 275. And then everything I any money


I make during like 268 to 275 and beyond


will be going into getting 80 drop 100


mess first and then slowly converting


that into 200 drop and 100 meo. Uh this


means with one one set accessory slot is


taken up by the spirit of dependent uh


which means there's four equips. So will


have to be five hybrids, one double


prime, I think it's yeah, five hybrids,


one double prime, and then the other two


can be whatever. I think it's actually


two double primes. God, I should have


checked this beforehand. Look, it's week


one stuff.


Also, the goal is to also kill normal


Kai. I've managed to get some practice


with the boss and I can kind of get to


phase two, but still a lot of work needs


to be done. And then kill easy calls.


This looks crazy work to do in week one,


but it is required for item burning. I


don't have the screenshot here cuz I'm a


ding-dong and didn't include it. Uh, but


I can fix that.


Item burning plus. So, item burning


plus. I got this completely wrong in my


initial assessment, but you get crest


points beyond the hiller. So, if I I


just copy this and just get Diggleberry


over. So,


everything beyond easy, these guys here


require crest points to actually redeem.


And there is a list of which boss gives


or how many crests you need to actually


complete the challenge. This is designed


so we don't spawn in with level 22 star


gear. So


you like to complete the healer, you


need 200 points. To complete chosen


Sarin, you need 800 points. Uh so you're


capped per week and how many points you


can get. And I've got this ready ready


to go on hand cuz I'm just ded. This is


the the point list. And they don't


stack. It's only a if I do Lucid, get


100 points, and I do uh Dark Now, all it


just goes to 200 points. It doesn't like


stack.


So to be able to get to So you can see


how there's multiple stages


if you want to be able to complete these


two missions. So if you want to complete


stage five and you can't do this in week


one, but if you map it out and do


in week one and then two first adversy


easy solos in week two and three, you'll


get enough to go to basically complete


stage six. And I'm pretty sure stage


six,


uh, where is it?


Stage six


gives you


loy weapon and then 20 star gear, which


is pretty good. And that will be very


much required


uh to kill not only normal Kai uh but


hard Kai uh so but hard Kai won't be


feasible until earliest week three.


We'll get into why later.


Additionally, this is also some very


sweaty tech, but I'll be burning using


the free three free burns we get to make


three hydros. I'm going to save a slot


for the Kinesis hyperburn in July, but


I'll be burning through hydros, get them


to 200, and then I we have so much


nodes. It's very easy to get these


hydros to a decent spec. And with like B


with just like basic gear, I'll be able


to clear and loonium and like any of


like the free cubes I get throughout the


event, I'll be throwing them onto these


little free guys and they'll be able to


clear up to endium like quite easily.


I'm I'm sure of it. Is broken. And I


should be able to make them like easy


peasy. And it'll be fun having the these


three guys just give me money every


week. And this kind of adds up. That's


like what? Uh 3.2 bill.


It's a decent amount. Is it that right?


I can math properly. No, it's like 4.2.


It's 4.2 bill. Oh, that's pretty good.


That's pretty good. It's a decent semi


for newly game. Heroic one. Messo is


hard to come by.


This should make make it it should make


getting dropped. Yeah, a little easier.


All right, week two goals.


So, week two is more or less the same.


Only two differences is that


yeah, this may be a steep assessment.


I'm pretty sure it's more likely 275 280


is still the goal. But hey, with me,


you're going to get like I think it's


like 7% per mecha berry or some


something crazy like that at 280. So,


hey, you could you could get a pretty


good boost if you want to hit 285. 285


is a pretty good goal uh out of the gate


just to get maximum final damage, not


only on black mage.


Black mage is 280.


No, no, you need 28. 280 for black mage.


And then normal hard Kai requires 285 to


get max damage, which can make the boss


a little easier to do.


Uh and then kill normal Kai again. So,


this will be the second clear hopefully


to high roll a pitch box from him. And


then once you kill easy adversary in


week two, this unlocks stage five, which


is like the first stage after um I


believe it's the first stage after easy


lucid. And then in week three, this is


the big one. Uh not only will we need to


solo BM deliberate on July 2nd, which is


this is reset. Uh but we need to kill


easy advers one more time to unlock


stage six item burning and then we can


kill hard eye. So should I get enough


juice from the from being liberated to


be able to do this? And if we kill hard


Kai in week three, I've got this mapped


out. This is kill 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 and


then the last week because challenge was


only 12 weeks, but we manage. We It's 12


weeks, but we can kill Kai.


Uh yeah, 12 times. Yeah, this is 12


times. normal Kai twice and then hard


Kai 10 times. That gives you enough to


get two eternal pieces from uh the coins


he's drops.


So yeah, it's a tight it is a tight


schedule, but that that is the ultimate


goal. Kill Hard Kai week three. I'm


probably going to be banging my head


against this quite a bit come week


three. And then week four,


if you solo hard sarin, linked it


before, uh, but hard sarin gives you 1k


big boys and that's enough. Then go to


stage seven and get 21 armor. Quite


nice. That's all I have. That's a There


it is. Boom. We finished. We got through


it. Yay. That was a lot. You can see


just all how all of it was. Day zero. I


I'm max zoom. I can't zoom out anymore.


Day zero is going to be intense.


And uh it it makes the other wigs a


little a little less daunting, but


they're going to be crazy because it's


going to be a lot of farming and uh I


have to then balance this with bosses


and Kronos, which I uh might skip. I


don't know. It's a It's a lot. It's


going to be a lot of Maple Story. All


right. What do you guys think? Did I


miss anything? Let me know if I did. I


will probably update this once we get


the patch notes. And if I do, I'll


probably make I'm not sure if I'll make


another full this cuz this is a this is


a this took forever at all these


screenshots. So, I might just update the


comments. Uh there is also a definitive


list of this in case you want to like


have to like blink back through all


these. I'll also have timestamps so you


can you know what I be timestamps.


All right, that wraps it up for me. As


always, thank you all for watching. Hope


you all are excited for Challenge W as I


am. I'm looking forward to it. Until


next time, have a jacking good day. I'll


catch you all in the next